les Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp 
io Trumps Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy- 
at Trump Chooses Cerberus’s Stephen Feinberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
les Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp 
le Trumps Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy- 
les Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
le Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Trump: 
Trump attorney: EKONOMOU 
Trump Ohio fundraiser 
https://www.cleveland.com/politics/2019/07/donald-trump-coming-to-cleveland-friday-for-fundraiser-at- 
le Donald Trump coming to Cleveland Friday for 
CLEVELAND, Ohio = Republican President Donald Trump is 
Calk/Lorber/Elliman: Trump 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp 
le Trumps Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy- 
les Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
le Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp 
le Trump's Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy- 
le. Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
le Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Calk/Lorber/Elliman: Trump 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp 
lw Trumps Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy- 
ate Trump Chooses Cerberus’s Stephen Feinberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
les Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
Individual States Regulators, sure but there seems to be a monumental disagreement between the Trump white 
Trump Junk. 
Today, because of "Coronavirus" Trump and another Milken Degenerate: Treasury Sec Mnuchin are bailing out 
Same Milken degenerates (incl Trump banker Moelis): Drexel 
Trump: 
Trump attorney: EKONOMOU 
Trump Ohio fundraiser 
https://www.cleveland.com/politics/2019/07/donald-trump-coming-to-cleveland-friday-for-fundraiser-at- 
las Donald Trump coming to Cleveland Friday for 
CLEVELAND, Ohio = Republican President Donald Trump is 
Calk/Lorber/Elliman: Trump 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp 
las | Trumps Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy- 
le Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
la Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
EMA: 40 Wall Street: Trump 
David Urban: Trump PA Campaign Manager and NITE Not So Independent Board Member and his own money 
JUDGE Chad Readler. Made so by Trump. 
OTHER Sason entities list offices at 40 Wall Street: Trump 
investigation of Hapoalim tax evasion and money laundering. The same SBNY which boasted Ivanka Trump as a 
Board memberand was a "go to lender" for Trump/Kushner and where ALL SEC filings have disappeared. AND 
Honig also Trump fundraiser: Cleveland: Colleran. DoJ "prosecutor" on Colleran massive healthcare fraud: Chad 
Readler. Trump made Readler a Federal judge. 
also Colleran: Trump felon fundraiser. AND: Vector/New Valley also Trump/Russia. 
Colleran: Trump felon fundraiser 
hey look! Marx,Karfunkel:BERK has the same auditor as Trump: Mazars. Prly just ANOTHER coincidence. For 
SEC/Trump/Kushner/Blackstone/DFC et al facilitated P&D/Insider trading went to Congregation Chemdas 
Yes: Blackstone/Schwarzman/Marx/Karfunkel/Kushner/Trump et al are most definitely on the SEC/DoJ "Do not 
Phlow: the VA consortium receiving $350 mil in Government Covid funding to provide Trump pushed Covid 
MORE on the Blackstone/Trump/Kushner KODK P&D grift. 
We also know Trump and Schwarzy are BFF's. Schwarzy is also connected to Kushner and Epstein. 
Then the Pumper/Grifter in Chief Trump goes out wide and far with this absolutely incredible news: 
As is typical Trump/grifters/ and his criminal Clayton led SEC: the public hasn't seen a 8K filed by KODK to detail 
this incredible "transformation". The SEC has given its blessing to yet ANOTHER Trump/Grifter/Bag Men P&D. in 
KODK, FBO Trump BFF and Sull Crom client: Knight "savior" Schwarzy/BX. Had the grossly corrupt SEC 
me. Per the record Janey: Trump PA campaign Mgr David Urban on the BoD of #1 money laundering shell trader 
Of course, the grossly corrupt SEC has approved a $20 million public offering for Urban/Trump: HUGE 
In addition to that name Farkas: ANDREW/Jonathan Farkas. Trump fundraiser and Epstein: Jeffrey: business 
Platinum Funds/Nordlicht. With links to Kushner(s) and Trump lawyer Giuliani. Other NY entities, a Columbus 
whistleblower (me) information. Linked to Milken,Russia, Trump, and Epstein. Of course the 7/22 trading 
Is Trump prolific Bag Man Jonathan Farkas related to Bag Man Michael Farkas: Skyway largest shareholder: 
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/rambling-reporter/inside-hamptons-fundraisers-netted-trump-12m- 
Trump $12M for Re-election | Hollywood 
The numbers are in and President Donald Trump's quick trip te 
Some BLNK/Trump/rinsing. With help from "issuer/bag man funded research" Zacks aka Seethroughequities 
laundering/Putin/Rakishev/Trump/Kushner/Alfa/Crede/Peizer/Milken/Hapoalim/SBNY/CardWorks/ESQ/WireCa 
linked to Trump Cleveland fundraiser and healthcare fraud felon: Brian Colleran 
Apockinas/Grinshpun/Antonov/Rakishev/Trump/Kushner/SBNY/CardWorks/Merrick Bank/ESQ/Cohen etc etc 
Trump: 1MDB money laundering. PHUN also received Cares Act money. AND PHUN is Trump/Kushner/Parscale 
PHUN/Trump/Kushner/Parscale mobile app technology. 
Stearns collapse . So, Milken and his merry crew of flunkies are really at the nexus of JUNK. They own Trump 
and his White House (Trump casino junk) and they own the SEC. It was Milken, Leon Black, Handler, Moelis, 
Virtue: Drexel that caused the S&L taxpayer bailout stuffing them with junk like Trump's. It is no coincidence 
Today, Trump PA Campaign Mgr David Urban sits on the NITE BoD. AND is also on the BoD of his very own 
money laundering shell: Canadian/Pakastani/pot/COVID: FSD Parma: HUGE. Trump advisers/campaign staff 
Berman/Clayton nomination to take his place/Rabbitt to DoJ/Carpenito replacing Audrey Strauss/Trump/Barr 
Trump Calls For More Biometric Scans, Data Sharing To Stop Terrorism [NextGov] 
e President Donald Trump on Wednesday (02/20/2019) signed the National Strategy to Combat Terrorist 
the president’s inner circle has ties to drug runners and militants. President Trump warned Venezuelan military officials 
ending last July. President Trump says there’s a “crisis” at the border, and he’s right—its result is the meth-overdose 
As House votes to impeach him, Trump's focus shifts to brand rehabilitation (nbcnews.com) 
Also spotted in the car were an American flag, a copy of the Daily News with President Trump’s face on it, an emergency 
people died in the Capitol riot, including a police officer, in the hours-long siege that took place after President Trump 
‘A Total Failure’: The Proud Boys Now Mock Trump Members of the far-right group, who were among Donald Trump’s 
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/20/technology/proud-boys-trump.html? 
helps identify supporters of President Donald Trump who ransacked their workplace and forced them to 
e On Wednesday [Jan. 20], QAnon adherents grappled with a harsh reality check: Trump had left office with 
Day. Others moved the goalposts again, speculating that Trump would be sworn into office on Mar. 4. 
Opinion The Problem With Trump’s Odious Pardon of Steve Bannon It is corrupt and a possible obstruction of 
justice and should be legally challenged. https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/20/opinion/trump-bannon- 
Calk/Lorber/Elliman: Trump 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp 
le Trump's Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy- 
le. Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
le Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
le | Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
le. Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
le Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
BUZZFEED NEWS: https://www. buzzfeednews.com/article/kenbensinger/new-york-owed-money-man-tweeted-trump-ventilators 
In 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. At his 
i See, e.g., Ashley Collman, “Stunning new report details Trump's labor secretary’s role in plea deal for 
billionaire sex abuser,” The Business Insider, Nov. 29, 2018; Cynthia McFadden, “New Focus on Trump Labor 
Kumar, “Trump labor secretary out of running for attorney general after Miami Herald report,” McClatchy Washington 
Bureau, Nov. 29, 2018; Emily Peck, “How Trump’s Labor Secretary Covered For A Millionaire Sex Abuser,” 
In 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. At his 
' See, e.g., Ashley Collman, “Stunning new report details Trump's labor secretary's role in plea deal for 
billionaire sex abuser,” The Business Insider, Nov. 29, 2018; Cynthia McFadden, “New Focus on Trump Labor 
Kumar, “Trump labor secretary out of running for attorney general after Miami Herald report,” McClatchy Washington 
Bureau, Nov. 29, 2018; Emily Peck, “How Trump’s Labor Secretary Covered For A Millionaire Sex Abuser,” 
Wexner of the Limited, socialite Ghislaine Maxwell, even Donald Trump. 
and one whose nightlife is far from energetic. And yet if you talk to Donald Trump, a 
different Epstein emerges. "I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy," Trump booms 
Epstein had socialized with the prince and other high-profile figures including U.S. President Donald Trump and former 
special counsel Robert Mueller's investigative conclusions to the sentencing of Trump ally Roger Stone, that have raised 
Berman, who was appointed by President Donald Trump, was asked by a reporter at a press conference whether the 
Giuliani, Trump's personal attorney. 
President, the sentencing of Stone and the oversight of the prosecution of Michael Flynn, Trump's former national 
Giuliani investigation, prosecutors are also looking into whether foreign money flowed into Trump's inaugural 
committee. The office also prosecuted Michael Cohen, Trump's former personal attorney, for violating campaign finance 
laws in connection to payments made to two women who alleged affairs with Trump. 
influence public discourse about the Mueller Report in favor of President Trump..." 
Epstein had socialized with the prince and other high-profile figures including U.S. President Donald Trump and former 
special counsel Robert Mueller's investigative conclusions to the sentencing of Trump ally Roger Stone, that have raised 
Berman, who was appointed by President Donald Trump, was asked by a reporter at a press conference whether the 
Giuliani, Trump's personal attorney. 
President, the sentencing of Stone and the oversight of the prosecution of Michael Flynn, Trump's former national 
Giuliani investigation, prosecutors are also looking into whether foreign money flowed into Trump's inaugural 
committee. The office also prosecuted Michael Cohen, Trump's former personal attorney, for violating campaign finance 
laws in connection to payments made to two women who alleged affairs with Trump. 
influence public discourse about the Mueller Report in favor of President Trump..." 
of Virginia, by saying the Trump administration 
Eighth, as for the Austrian passport the government trumpets, it expired 32 years 
Eighth, as for the Austrian passport the government trumpets, it 
le Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
BUZZFEED NEWS: https://wwew.buzzfeednews.com/article/kenbensinger/new-york-owed-money-man-tweeted-trump-ventilators 
« Agroup of seven U.S. Capitol Police officers sued [President] Trump and a slew [“nearly 20”] of far-right 
e The officers claim Trump, the Proud Boys, the Oath Keepers, Trump ally Roger Stone and others conspired 
presidential election, and that [President] Trump worked with these organizations and political organizers 
made when the Trump administration agreed in early 2020 to withdraw American forces from the 
The Hill: https://thehill. com/homenews/state-watch/508811-trump-administration-lifts-ban-on-new-yorkers-enrolling-in-federal 
WHA vi wu /politicsTincoln-project-releases-new-video-targeting-trump-comments-on-ghislaine-maxwell/ar-B BI 79apb 
Donald Trump -- was arrested on July 6 for alleged sex trafficking of minor girls in Florida and New York. Some of the 
lead law enforcement detail assisting the Secret Service during President Donald Trump's visits to Mar-a-Lago. The Palm 
Beach Sheriff's Office spent $5.6 million for Trump’s 2017-2018 trips, the Palm Beach Post reported in April. The 
A fixture on the high-society social circuit, he was known to associate with figures such as Bill Clinton, Donald Trump and 
harassment or trumped up imprisonment. 
motion. They said that Cohen “has heard Trump say things about Epstein,” but would not get into detail at this time 
the Austrian passport the government trumpets, it expired 32 years ago. And the government offers 
Donald Trump’s name was there. Each page had a name, address, company, 
Trump traveled on Epstein’s private jet many more times than previously has been reported (or that we were aware), 
Trump, and then-20-year-old ie On two other flights, two of the passengers, 
https://www.thecut.com/2019/07/jeffrey-epstein-donald-trump-mar-a-lago-video.html? 
https://www.occrp.org/en/investigations/before-campaigning-for-trump-manafort-plotted-to-rig-ukraine- 
Maybe Mr. Trump could also be more intelligent and know that maybe...Mr. Goldscheider was only using 
Scaramucci (friend of Soros and Goldscheider) was trying also to impeach Trump. 
Acosta, then the United States attorney in Miami who is now President Trump’s secretary of labor. 
In 2002, Mr. Trump described Mr. Epstein as “a terrific guy.” 
“He’s a lot of fun to be with,” Mr. Trump told New York Magazine. “It is even said that he likes beautiful 
Trump Doesn’t Know About Labor 
other than Donald Trump. 
Have you heard anybody in the Trump administration apologize for anything? Well, there was the occasion the 
he used to be tight with our current chief executive. “Terrific guy,” Trump said in an interview with New York 
Are you shocked by any of this? Hey, early in our acquaintanceship we learned Trump is a guy who bragged 
Ever since the Epstein scandal arose, Trump has been defending Acosta, stressing what an “excellent” job he’s 
Hmm. Before this week, what do you think Donald Trump thought the Department of Labor did? 
Trump insiders, of course, feel undermining workers’ rights is supposed to be Acosta’s mission. And they 
complain he’s been sort of inept at it. Mick Mulvaney, the Trump Acting Chief of Staff For Life, has been trying 
But are you upset that Trump is too much of an ethical beanbag to get rid of him? The sad truth is that we’re 
Subject: Trump Labor chief Alex Acosta resigns due to Jeffrey Epstein case 
PROPUBLICA: https://www.propublica.org/article/top-fec-officials-undisclosed-ties-to-trump-raise-concerns-over-agency-neutrality 
Goodman, G. (2017, March 1). Why positive parenting trumps physical punishment when it comes to 
erupted following Epstein’s July 6 arrest forced Acosta to resign as President Trump’s labor secretary. 
Trump, Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew, and moved in elite circles, including for several years in a relationship 
agreement. Acosta resigned from his post as Trump’s labor secretary following extensive criticism of the deal. 
Epstein — onetime friend of the rich and powerful, including current President Donald Trump and past President 
as President Trump’s labor secretary. 
Cosby and President Donald Trump of sexual assault. After the hearing, she said she was representing other 
from President Trump’s trade war. 
and Mr. Trump’s trade fights. 
He said that manufacturing around the world was weakening and that Mr. Trump’s trade dispute was continuing 
The Fed’s rate cut carries political risks, given Mr. Trump’s attacks on the central bank. Mr. Trump has been 
in China and Europe, and Mr. Trump’s trade war with China and threats of further tariffs on United States trading 
erupted following Epstein’s July 6 arrest forced Acosta to resign as President Trump’s labor secretary. 
Trump, Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew, and moved in elite circles, including for several years in a relationship 
agreement. Acosta resigned from his post as Trump’s labor secretary following extensive criticism of the deal. 
Epstein — onetime friend of the rich and powerful, including current President Donald Trump and past 
as President Trump’s labor secretary. 
Cosby and President Donald Trump of sexual assault. After the hearing, she said she was representing other 
uncertainty from President Trump’s trade war. 
and Mr. Trump’s trade fights. 
He said that manufacturing around the world was weakening and that Mr. Trump’s trade dispute was continuing 
The Fed’s rate cut carries political risks, given Mr. Trump’s attacks on the central bank. Mr. Trump has been 
in China and Europe, and Mr. Trump’s trade war with China and threats of further tariffs on United States 
information" about the contact between President Donald Trump's team and 
20 State AGs Challenge Trump Rule To Detain Migrant Kids 
Trump administration over its move to eliminate a 20-day limit on the 
the Florida associate of former President Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy 
Donald Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn, a federal 
introduced her to its owner, Donald J. Trump. Introducing 14-year-old Doe to Donald J. Trump, 
Epstein elbowed Trump playfully asking him, referring to Doe, "This is a good one, right?" 
Trump smiled and nodded in agreement. They both chuckled and Doe felt uncomfortable, but, at 
America who are guilty along with Prince Andrew? And this after Donald Trump himself 
both Donald Trump and 
les Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
included Bill Clinton, Donald Trump, actor Kevin Spacey and Britain’s Prince 
cocaine. Villeneuve took J back inside and someone told the party that Donald Trump had invited 
reported some of things President Trump had spoken about 
noted Trump continuously the name "Jeffre while on the phone, 
meeting Donald Trump, Es immediately ree demeanor went "stone 
Donald J. Trump had raped her along with Jeffrey ! tein." c= I noted 
Trump cabinet members, speaks to the swirl of unresolved questions surrounding Mr. Epstein’s short time in prison 
including President Trump and former President Bill Clinton, that festered even before he died. 
Department’s credibility — waged chiefly by Mr. Trump when he attacked the Russia investigation — has taken. Mr. 
investigations since Watergate. Accusations that he misrepresented the findings to benefit Mr. Trump had begun to 
DAILY MAIL: https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8625217/Trump-hints-FIRING-FBI-director-Chris- 
TMZ: President Trump Suggests Jeffrey Epstein Might've Been Killed in Jail 
Business Insider: Trump again wishes Jeffrey Epstein’s alleged madam Ghislaine Maxwell 'well' as she awaits 
NYT: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/08/04/us/politics/trump-prosecutors.html 
Meanwhile, the Trump administration has expanded access to guns through regulatory 
El Paso to Trump: The hatred that led to gun violence didn’t come from our city. £1 
What you need to know about Trump, Mueller and obstruction of justice 
Trump with obstruction, were he not president.” 
vendetta against the president. Underscoring why that is, Trump 
Trump’s hands. Think of Rep. Steve Cohen eating Kentucky Fried 
election to replace Trump: 
Asked about Mueller testimony, Trump pivots to Mueller’s ‘conflicts’ of interest 
3) Will Trump’s Republican allies successfully cast doubt on 
added Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow on Sean Hannity's Fox show. 
Mueller’s unwillingness to engage in a tit-for-tat with Trump and Co. 
opening impeachment proceedings against Trump. Mueller’s sole 
prosecution of former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, to 
“The Trump International Hotel is located at 1100 Pennsylvania 
The Trump International Hotel is located at 1100 Pennsylvania Ave NW. (Jonathan Newton/The 
thicket of thorny legal issues facing Trump. There was a 
“Rejecting a request from President Trump, a federal judge in 
records from the Trump Organization. ... Sullivan ordered the two 
Sept. 27. ... The Trump administration still can try to delay or block 
federal judges have interpreted these clauses. Trump is being sued 
the Trump administration’s request for an immediate appeal. 
Trump’s D.C. hotel. The 4th Circuit heard oral argument in March 
spitting in Eric Trump’s face, per Tim Elfrink and Mark Guarino. 
outrage as Trump's policies continue putting the lives of 
amid bubbling anger over Trump’s handling of the crisis. Mike 
passage sets up a high-stakes negotiation with Trump and Senate 
campaign with promises of mass deportations, Trump sent the 
who Trump installed as acting director of U.S. Immigration and 
Trump to remove acting DHS secretary Kevin McAleenan at the 
America, where the Trump administration is seeking a separate 
to McAleenan. ... One person who has spoken with Trump about 
Trump administration officials Tuesday used the moment to urge 
fresh look at the new evidence that the Trump administration 
representing the Trump administration, told the Supreme Court that 
migration.” Make no mistake: Trump will use this as a devastating 
sanctions policy have begun to question whether Trump has a 
strategy. ... Other experts said that Trump’s summit strategy with 
President Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. He said 
before President Trump is scheduled to visit Seoul, a trip that is 
-- Trump is flying today to the G20 in Japan with most of his 
Trump is facing a crucial test of his ‘America First’ agenda, one that 
a go-it-alone approach, Trump has shown a preference for leader- 
Trump to plead his father’s case at the summit. Gerry Shih 
exporter Kai Li, is calling on Trump to raise the case of his father — 
security charges — during a meeting with Xi this week, when Trump 
by China's opaque security apparatus. ... Harrison Li said Trump 
said he’s confident Trump and Xi can make progress in stalled trade 
a way to capture attention and break away from the pack. Trump 
debates. These are television shows.’ Trump, a former reality TV 
Trump's most vocal rivals in 2016, said moderators ‘are often 
comes to confronting [Trump]. It’s an approach that could pay off 
Trump” initiative. Pence called Trump “a great champion of Latino 
unemployment since he took office. “President Trump promised to 
get this economy moving again, and President Trump delivered,” 
Pence said. “President Donald Trump is the best friend that Latino 
-- The latest sexual assault allegation against Trump has been 
Jean Carroll], who said Trump attacked her in a dressing room more 
most attention to her story is Trump, who has denied it, saying she 
was ‘not my type.’ When asked Tuesday whether Trump's response 
they are, but | take [Trump's] statement at face value.” “Many times 
believe Trump. (Politico) 
Trump in a tweet and later confirmed by White House officials. In 
Trump's last remaining campaign aides serving in the White House. 
2017, she worked in the West Wing as a deputy to Trump's first 
-- House Republicans are preparing to go after a Trump 
liaison to the diplomatic corps at the State Department. ... Trump 
-- Trump endorsed Sen. Thom Tillis (R-N.C.), who is facing two 
stepped up to the plate,” Trump tweeted last night. “Thom is tough 
A House Democrat criticized the Trump administration's Iran policy: 
about sexual assault allegations against Trump: 
From the former acting attorney general who Trump fired: 
And Trump started the day by accusing the Democrats of innaction: 
on President Trump's taxes. ... The reporters spoke after Baquet. 
Trump posts over ‘open 
just can't resemble [Trump]. 
support for Trump and his 
Trump will speak at the Faith & Freedom Coalition 2019 Road To 
-- The Trump administration has hired two private fireworks 
Seth Meyers had:some:strong.wordssfon, Trump,owho:said he didn't 
LA TIMES: https://www.latimes.com/opinion/story/2020-11-05/trump-policing-panel-broke-the-law 
Presley, the British Royal Family, President Trump, and Jeffrey Epstein. We are passing 
Trump, and Jeffrey Epstein. 
In 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. At his 
' See, e.g., Ashley Collman, “Stunning new report details Trump's labor secretary’s role in plea deal for 
billionaire sex abuser,” The Business Insider, Nov. 29, 2018; Cynthia McFadden, “New Focus on Trump Labor 
Kumar, “Trump labor secretary out of running for attorney general after Miami Herald report,” McClatchy Washington 
Bureau, Nov. 29, 2018; Emily Peck, “How Trump's Labor Secretary Covered For A Millionaire Sex Abuser,” 
4. On one occasion | had taken “Morning Glory” and “Ange! Trumpets”. | 
4. On one occasion | had taken “Morning Glory” and “Angel Trumpets”. 1 
Let me say I am proud to serve in an Administration and under President Trump 
crime rate started rising again. Days after his inauguration, President Trump 
disposal to step up the attack on the cartels. I am hoping that President Trump's 
Plenty of stories have been revealed around media and former contestants, Donny Trump had employees 
attempting to groom underage girls for him during Miss Teen USA pageants... as have Donny Trump and Billy 
Last Name: Trump 
he provided to Paul Manafort with the intent_of securing a position within the Trump 
pardoned Trump associate Steve Bannon, rejecting the government's 
Former Trump HHS Counsel Rejoins Greenberg Traurig 
Services has become the latest Trump administration official to return to 
coverage of his legal representation of former President Donald Trump in his 
Ex-Judges Press AG To Toss Trump-Era Immigration Opinions 
Garland on Tuesday to revoke the immigration rulings of his Trump-era 
Subject: 2nd Circ. Rejects Immediate Stay In Trump Tax Subpoena Suit 
2nd Circ. Rejects Immediate Stay In Trump Tax Subpoena Suit 
The Second Circuit said Friday that it will consider President Donald Trump's 
Trump Organization Inc. 
33-Year-Old Trump Judicial Pick Attacked Over Experience 
Liberal advocates are lambasting President Donald Trump's youthful pick for 
BUZZFEED NEWS: https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/kenbensinger/new-york-owed-money-man-tweeted-trump-ventilators 
A coalition of 23 Democratic attorneys general sued the Trump administration 
appeal a decision that the federal arbitration law trumps the state's arbitration 
Monday seeking details from the Trump administration about what the rights 
President Donald Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn 
Former immigration judges said Monday that the Trump administration's 
President Trump’s response to the novel coronavirus when the reporter 
week before an exhibition game, provoking an attack by Trump. “Looking 
The Senate GOP scrapped Trump’s demand for a payroll 
Senate Republicans have cast aside one of Trump’s key demands in their 
“Trump painted a wishful view Wednesday of the U.S. response to the 
require people to wear masks. ... [Trump] declined to press for a 
e Trump attended a fundraiser at his D.C. hotel without a mask. The 
e Trump said he would be comfortable sending his son and 
e The GOP-controlled Senate is poised to defy Trump's veto threat and 
Trump announced a surge of federal law enforcement into 
family members of crime victims, Trump delivered fiery talking points that 
Chicago’s mayor accused Trump of seeking to distract from his handling of 
about what happens if Trump refuses to relinquish power. 
“Most legal experts said it is hard to envision that Trump would actually try 
Trump could claim victory before the vote in key states is fully counted — a 
massive fraud Trump has described. ... 
“In GOP circles, private talk about Trump’s assertions veers 
on the condition of anonymity to comment candidly and avoid Trump’s 
wrath, said he expects Trump to ‘leave quickly’ if it is a blowout defeat. But 
he said he worries about a narrow election and whether Trump would go to 
locations and ensure a heavy GOP presence at polling sites. Trump’s 
e Anew Quinnipiac University poll finds Biden leading Trump by one 
Trump better, but they’re seriously considering breaking for the 
e Biden claimed that Trump is America’s “first” racist president. That's 
Jackson, enacted racist policies. Trump's spokeswoman also insists 
Trump keeps bragging about passing a cognitive test, but it 
“In another Fox News interview [last night], Trump couldn’t resist 
words, in order. Trump said he was first asked to repeat a set of words — 
question, and repeat them. Can you do it?” Trump said, mimicking the 
score — as Trump has repeatedly claimed he did — merely signifies that the 
becoming nastier: The Trump-endorsed candidate, former U.S. 
Trump’s company applied to trademark the word “telerally.” 
Then Trump held one. 
Trump’s description of the coordinator of his coronavirus task force was 
Stephen Colbert was confused by Trump’s message to Ghislaine Maxwell: 
Seth Meyers said Trump is trying to convince America that he suddenly 
The 23 Democratic attorneys general challenging the Trump administration's 
Trump Can't Exclude Unauthorized Immigrants From Census 
Trump's attempt to not count unauthorized immigrants in the 2020 census, 
immigration application fees, but the Trump administration objected to the 
The Biggest Surprises Of Trump's New Supreme ‘Short' List 
Trump unveiled Wednesday featured several conservative rising stars on the 
Bannon’s iPhone 7 on Cellebrite. As | was going through the images from that phone, | found an image of Trump and 
The list also included: Companies with ties to President Trump, more 
construction on the oil-sands pipe, dealing a blow to Trump's bid to 
Donald Trump's trial judge and lower-level administrative nominees to be 
House Dems Request Trump’s Tax Returns From IRS 
Trump's tax return information for the past six years, taking the first step in a 
1st Circ. Perplexed By 'Odd'" Trump Birth Control Argument 
Massachusetts’ challenge to a Trump administration rule allowing exemptions 
Trump Taking Aim At Online Counterfeit Market 
President Donald Trump on Wednesday said he will soon formulate a new 
Trump Organization Inc. 
Trump May Allow Turkey To Keep F-35 Despite Russian Deal 
Turkey's foreign minister said Wednesday that President Donald Trump has 
The Trump administration wants out of a pair of lawsuits filed in federal court 
Trump's Opposition To ACA Can't Kill Esformes Trial 
the Trump administration's new position that the entire Affordable Care Act is 
3. Article of impeachment sent to the Senate for second Trump trial. The 
Trump’s legacy and his future influence over the party. However, many aides were 
currency after the Trump administration postponed those plans. 
Trump’s personal lawyer and his allies spread false allegations against the company 
are used by more than 40% of U.S. voters. Since November, Trump allies, right-wing 
death threats. Giuliani, who led Trump's legal team during his string of failed court 
history of its refugee program after the Trump administration capped admittances. 
with President Donald Trump and ex-President Bill Clinton. it and has prompted some who 
Victim Claims He Showed Her Off to Trump When She Was 14,” The Daily Beast (Aug. 18, 
showed-her-off-to-trump-at-mar-a-lago-when-she-was-14). 
Trump, Clinton, Prince Andrew) 
USATODAY: https://www.usotodoy.com/story/news/polltics/2020/12/07/politics-updates-joe-biden-donald-trump-presidential-transition/3854979001/ 
Trump: 
Trump attorney: EKONOMOU 
Trump Ohio fundraiser 
https://www.cleveland.com/politics/2019/07/donald-trump-coming-to-cleveland-friday-for-fundraiser-at- 
le. Donald Trump coming to Cleveland Friday for 
CLEVELAND, Ohio = Republican President Donald Trump is 
Calk/Lorber/Elliman: Trump 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp 
le Trumps Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy- 
les Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
le Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
THE GUARDIAN: https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2020/dec/15/william-barr-exit-bad-news-donald-trump-post-presidency-pardons 
SLATE: https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2020/12/trump-medical-pardon-rudy-giullani-covid. html 
THE HILL: https://thehill.com/policy/finance/531890-trump-names-roisman-acting-sec-chairman 
NYT: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/28/us/pardons-trump.htmi 
BOSTON GLOBE: https:// www. bostonglobe.com/2020/12/29/opinion/what-trumps-pardons-say-about-criminal-justice/ 
Acosta, then the United States attorney in Miami who is now President Trump’s secretary of labor. 
In 2002, Mr. Trump described Mr. Epstein as “a terrific guy.” 
“He’s a lot of fun to be with,” Mr. Trump told New York Magazine. “It is even said that he likes beautiful 
MSN: https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/swalwell-barr-has-taken-michael-cohens-job-as-trumps- 
NYT: https://www.nytimes.com/2020/07/28/opinion/homeland-security-portland-trump.html 
POLITICO: https://www.politico.com/news/2020/10/07/trump-demands-barr-arrest-foes-427389 
USATODAY: httns://www.usotodoy.com/story/tech/2020/11/03/facebook-twitter-trump-giuiiani-censorship-bias-biden-election-2020/6149742002/ 
MEDIAITE: https //wwwemediaite.com/uncategorized/trump-reporte dly-telling-odvisers-hes-increasingly-spooked-at-the-prospect-of-being-indicte d-if-he-loses, utm_ source mostpopular 
Trump Jawver Rudy Giuliani not above the law, prosecutors say (cnb¢c.com)} 
Trump traveled on Epstein’s private jet many more times than previously has been reported (or that we were aware), 
Trump, and then-20-year-old i § On two other flights, two of the passengers, 
[W]hen Congress has sounded an uncertain trumpet, a court ought to refrain from 
Leon Black/ Apollo/Schwarzman: Trump Kushner 
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/03/andrew-ekonomou-donald-trump-legal-team/amp 
le Trump's Last Line of Defense Against Mueller 
Atlanta is home of the obscure Trump Russia Counsel Andrew EKONOMOU 
Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-05-11/trump-chooses-cerberus-s-feinberg-to-lead-spy- 
le. Trump Chooses Cerberus's Stephen Feinberg 
President Donald Trump has chosen billionaire investor Stephen 
said Friday. Trump intends to appoint Feinberg, the co-founder 
le Trump: Kushner's security clearance is up to 
that a Trump administration official cut as a federal 
circle — including President Donald Trump, former President Bill Clinton, and, weirdly, former lead 
ties to Trump before even Epstein did: a 1989 clipping from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch lists Trump as 
with extremely high-powered individuals such as Trump and Prince Andrew, reportedly introducing 
working as a towel girl at Trump’s Palm Beach resort Mar-a-Lago, Maxwell recruited her to serve as 
a job in the administration of former President Donald Trump. 
politically charged criminal case of ex-Trump national security adviser Michael 
Duane Morris’ McSwain To Trump: Pa. Election A "Disgrace’ 
state's presidential election a "partisan disgrace" in a bid for Donald Trump's 
though it includes the Trump interaction she had with Epstein, and is attached here. No judge assigned yet. 
https://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/ny-epstein-trump-victim-suit-20200118- 
AP: https://apnews.com/article/election-2020-donald-trump-pennsylvania-elections-talk-radio-433b6efe 727200864822 1f405c2111f9 
Trump Doesn’t Know About Labor 
Donald Trump. 
Have you heard anybody in the Trump administration apologize for anything? Well, there was the occasion the secretary 
to be tight with our current chief executive. “Terrific guy,” Trump said in an interview with New York magazine in 2002. 
Are you shocked by any of this? Hey, early in our acquaintanceship we learned Trump is a guy who bragged about being so 
Ever since the Epstein scandal arose, Trump has been defending Acosta, stressing what an “excellent” job he’s doing. After 
Hmm. Before this week, what do you think Donald Trump thought the Department of Labor did? 
Trump insiders, of course, feel undermining workers’ rights is supposed to be Acosta’s mission. And they complain he’s 
been sort of inept at it. Mick Mulvaney, the Trump Acting Chief of Staff For Life, has been trying to take control. Recently, 
But are you upset that Trump is too much of an ethical beanbag to get rid of him? The sad truth is that we’re really 
alone,” he told his interviewers in the Trump transition, who evidently thought that 
Subject: Vanity Fair: Just “Him and Epstein” and “28 Girls”: Florida Man Drops a Dime on Trump 
Just “Him and Epstein” and “28 Girls”: Florida Man Drops a Dime on Trump 
DC Circ. Questions Trump Fight To Defy Financial Subpoenas 
Two D.C. Circuit judges seemed highly skeptical of President Donald Trump's 
Trump Organization Inc. 
Law360's Pro Say: Neal Katyal On Trump's Census About-Face 
Trump finally abandoning his plan to add a citizenship question to the 
politically charged criminal case of former Trump national security adviser 
for the poor that was shuttered by the Trump administration. 
Donald Trump from the platform. 
Feds Call Off Appeal Salvaging Trump-Era Asylum Guidelines 
federal judge's decision striking down Trump-era credible fear guidelines as 
Presley, the British Royal Family, President Trump, and Jeffrey Epstein. We are passing 
Trump, and Jeffrey Epstein. 
Bannon’s iPhone 7 on Cellebrite. As | was going through the images from that phone, | found an image of Trump and 
HUFFPO: https: //www. huffpost.com/entry/e-jean-carroll-trump-rape-allegation n_ 5f7c72dacsb6122900 4c 
/10/05/nyreaion/eric-trump-investigation-election. htm! 
WAPO: httns://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2020/10/05/trumps-barrage-new-claims-voter-fraud-have-been-disproven, 
meeting for Wednesday afternoon to discuss interference from the Trump 
cases, following the sentencing upheaval in the criminal case against Trump 
A Kansas federal judge informed President Donald Trump on Tuesday that 
Trump Commutes Ex-ill. Gov. Blagojevich's 14-Year Sentence 
President Donald Trump commuted Rod Blagojevich's 14-year prison 
The Trump administration said Tuesday that it will waive federal procurement 
The D.C. Circuit hammered the Trump administration Tuesday over its 
Trump's pro-drilling executive order, saying the state's case resembles 
The Trump administration illegally ignored the potential impact to endangered 
The Trump administration on Tuesday sanctioned a subsidiary of Russian 
Top House Democrats on Tuesday slammed the Trump administration's 
Trump Pardons Ex-NYPD Chief Kerik On Tax Fraud Conviction 
President Donald Trump on Tuesday pardoned former New York Police 
Trump Is Right About Stone Sentencing, For Wrong Reasons 
President Donald Trump weighed in on Roger Stone's sentencing in an 
and President Donald Trump, but she noted she may delay imposing the 
against attacks on the judiciary made by President Trump and other 
Trump Tax Return Suit Belongs In NY, State Officials Say 
state President Donald Trump's suit seeking to bar enforcement of a law 
Dems Tell Trump Tapping Scalia To Head DOL ‘Alarming’ 
More than two-dozen House Democrats have urged President Donald Trump 
The Trump administration's attempt to put a citizenship question on the 
Enviros Say Trump Must Live With Keystone Rejection 
the Keystone XL pipeline just because President Donald Trump signed a new 
addressing misconduct and employers are seeking to fortify Trump 
Senate OKs Trump's 8th Circ. Pick Despite Flake Opposition 
confirm one of President Donald Trump's appeals court judges, as he cast 
Stormy Daniels Owes Trump Attys $300K In Fees, Sanctions 
Stormy Daniels must pay President Donald Trump's attorneys approximately 
Ghislane looks very much like Melania Trump. 
Ex-Trump Associate Hacked Mariah Carey's Ex-Manager: Suit 
A former associate of President Donald Trump hacked electronics belonging 
businessman, is slated to testify to Congress about the Trump Tower Moscow 
The New York attorney general's office sued the Trump administration 
a stint as White House counsel that included orchestrating the Trump 
President Donald Trump can't get out of Congressional Democrats’ lawsuit 
Trump Organization Inc. 
Trump's ability to take additional military action against Iran without congressional 
House before going to Trump, who has promised a veto that there would not be the 
was shot down over Iraq in 2004. “Donald Trump spent months attacking an 
Duckworth is referring to when Trump, who received a deferment for “bone spurs” 
spoke out against Trump at the Democratic convention in 2016, expressing 
-- Slotkin left her Pentagon job to move home to Michigan after Trump took 
midterms. She faces a tough reelection battle this fall in a district Trump 
Slotkin’s nonbinding resolution instructs Trump “to terminate the use of United 
Matt Gaetz, one of Trump’s most outspoken allies on Capitol Hill. “| take a 
Trump trashes Adam Schiff during Ohio rally 
-- Trump ripped the Slotkin resolution during a rally last night in Toledo, 
Trump singled out Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), who as the leader of the 
investigation that led to Trump's impeachment for abuse of power and obstruction 
“You little pencil neck,” Trump said, referring to Schiff. Trump claimed, with no 
imminent armed attack,” but Trump ignored this as he complained about 
references to Trump by name to make it more palatable for Republican colleagues, 
-- The Trump administration hit Iran with more sanctions Friday in the first 
high alert. President Trump said the downing of the aircraft was probably a 
the United States on the diplomatic front Thursday after Trump called on Britain, 
-- The speed at which the Iran crisis unfolded shows the influence Trump’s 
-- For Trump and Iran, Twitter trolling helped escalate tensions on the 
battlefield. David Nakamura reports: “A day after [Trump] signaled he would not 
leader responded with a message of his own: a doctored photo of Trump's face 
e Fareed Zakaria: “Trump does not have a foreign policy. He has 
e Eugene Robinson: “The best Iran crisis explanation? Trump's 
other individuals besides Trump have been impeached by the House of 
retweet from Trump. Felicia Sonmez reports: “The tweet marks the second time 
-- An Army general denied a request by an officer pardoned by Trump in an 
Golsteyn's reinstatement request follows Trump's decision in November to pardon 
once championed by Trump. It found nothing of consequence. Devlin Barrett 
raised by Trump and his allies in Congress that the FBI had not fully pursued cases 
Trump administration declared it was at the height of a border crisis. December 
Trump administration steps back. Rebecca Tan reports: “Maryland’s most 
they see as the Trump administration's resistance to protecting the planet. ... In 
-- Trump wished North Korean leader Kim Jung Un a happy birthday through 
-- Astatue mocking Trump in Melania Trump’s home country was burned 
mechanism to open Trump's red painted mouth full of pointy teeth was constructed 
last year in a nation divided over the U.S. president. The statue of Trump, with the 
Jared Kushner and his wife, lvanka Trump, and their children, 
Trump, and their children, Arabella, Joseph and Theodore Kushner, attend a Hanukkah reception in 
greater personal interest to his father-in-law: Mr. Trump's 2020 re-election 
diversity among Trump's top advisers: 
The Trump administration indisputably flouted the Affordable Care Act by 
Trump Extends Iran Sanctions Waiver But Wants Deal Remade 
President Donald Trump has again extended a sanctions waiver granted to 
Trump's appointment of a White House official to lead the Consumer 
Trump Taps Morgan Lewis Vet To Round Out NLRB 
President Donald Trump on Friday selected Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP 
federal appeals court to remove President Donald Trump's choice to serve as 
President Donald Trump may be poised to impose sweeping restrictions on 
DACA Deal Uncertain After Trump's Derogatory Comments 
President Donald Trump's inflammatory comments about migration from what 
Senate Sends Bill To Recognize Va. Tribes To Trump's Desk 
bill to President Donald Trump's desk. Read more » 
Trump, may face trial as soon as May, according to a filing Friday by the 
special counsel spearheading an investigation into the Trump campaign that 
Subject: Cohen Nixes Congressional Hearing Over Trump 'Threats' 
Cohen Nixes Congressional Hearing Over Trump ‘Threats* 
Donald Trump, Cohen's lawyer said Wednesday, casting uncertainty over the 
longtime Trump attorney's testimony about crimes he committed in dealings 
Former Donald Trump presidential campaign chairman Paul Manafort said 
and advance President Donald Trump's nominees, one senator said this 
Fed grand jury investigating former Trump inaugural vice chair: Sources 
Trump Pal Elliott Broidy Is Facing Yet Another Federal Investigation - Vanity Fair 
Prosecutors are investigating whether GOP donor Elliott Broidy used Trump ties to profit - Vox 
GOP hush money man Elliott Broidy probed for peddling access to Trump inauguration - New York Daily 
... Trump adviser Omarosa Manigault Newman teased an appearance on the show, saying, “I'm talking 
LETTER TO THE EDITOR: Letters about Trump and Gaetz 
Donald Trump's origin story suffers another severe blow 
Around the same time that was revealed, former Trump attorney Michael Cohen, who flipped on Trump and 
Last year it was revealed that Michael Cohen, Donald Trump's lawyer at the time, arranged for a $1.6m 
Trump's labor secretary Alex Acosta at center of Epstein scandal after agreeing to sweetheart deal ... - Daily 
A Summary of the Mueller Report Part 3: Russian Contacts with the Trump 
candidate Trump and other executives in ... 
With new law, Trump's state tax returns could go to Congress 
Specifically, he argued that President Trump considering pardons or favorable treatment for his former 
Adam Schiff renews focus on former Trump business associate Felix Sater 
Along with Mr. Trump's former personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, Mr. Sater was supposed to be one of the 
An immigration lawyer linked to President Donald Trump's former attorney 
States, Dem Legislators Back Monument Suits Against Trump 
Donald Trump's decision to shrink national monuments in Utah, joining a host 
of others questioning Trump's authority under the Antiquities Act. Read full 
Subject: Supreme Court Leads At Ist Trump-Biden Debate 
Supreme Court Leads At 1st Trump-Biden Debate 
President Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Joe Biden jousted over 
Trump, Biden Fight Over Climate Change In Heated 1st Debate 
President Donald Trump and former Vice President Joe Biden fought over 
Tuesday, with Trump defending his push to relax emissions rules in an effort 
Flynn Atty Invokes Executive Privilege Over Trump Meeting 
criminal case with President Donald Trump recently, just moments after she 
pause the Trump administration's less restrictive policy on methane 
Health Care Clashes Dominate 1st Trump-Biden Debate 
In the first of three debates, President Donald Trump and former Vice 
President Donald Trump's reelection campaign continued to lock horns with 
President Donald Trump's executive order directing the government to 
Blueberry Imports Could Be Next On Trump's Tariff List 
The Trump administration called for an investigation of imported blueberries 
Biden Vows To Undo Tax Cuts, Trump Touts Record In Debate 
Tuesday night's debate with President Donald Trump, who touted his 
Manhattan DA Says 2nd Circ. Stayed Trump Tax Subpoena 
cannot enforce a subpoena against President Donald Trump's accounting 
Trump Organization Inc. 
barring the Trump administration from excluding unauthorized immigrants 
Lawyers for the Trump administration and a group of cities and nonprofit 
revealing the names of jurors deliberating the fate of the former Trump 
Mueller Wants Up To 6 Months In Prison For Ex-Trump Aide 
of zero to six months for the former Trump adviser who pled guilty to lying to 
long-running bid to compel testimony from former Trump White House 
Judge Mulls Trump Appointee's Jail Release Bid In Riot Case 
Trump U.S. Department of State appointee seeking release from jail pending 
conspirator had been pardoned by former President Donald Trump. 
dramatic reversal from the Trump administration, which consistently sought to 
e People listening in on Trump's Ukraine call said things weren't right. 
witnesses saying that Trump's Ukraine call was inappropriate. 
between Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr 
in any effort to urge Ukraine to investigate Trump's political rival, Joe 
version before going to Trump for his signature, who's yet to indicate 
It's the latest of a series of rollbacks coordinated by Trump appointees. 
Donald Trump, who have all been asked to 
amid the chaos of the outgoing Trump 
Bharara, who was fired by the Trump 
President Donald Trump's judicial nominees, starting with a confirmation 
Donald Trump, who have all been asked to 
amid the chaos of the outgoing Trump 
Bharara, who was fired by the Trump 
Subject: DOJ Beats Gizmodo FOIA Suit Over Trump Wiretap Docs 
DOJ Beats Gizmodo FOIA Suit Over Trump Wiretap Docs 
records related to alleged wiretapping of President Donald Trump's 2016 
Donald Trump's trial judge and lower-level administrative nominees to be 
circuit judges and 80 district judges as President Donald Trump clinched his 
different. President Donald Trump's campaign-season and charitable conduct 
‘Leapfrogging' Trump Appeals Jolt Sleepy Supreme Court 
The Supreme Court's relatively quiet term is being rocked by the Trump 
allegations against a long list of President Donald Trump's associates. Read OTC Markets Group Inc. 
impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump's alleged attempts to 
Justices Pause House Panel’s Trump Records Subpoena 
Trump's longtime accounting firm seeking eight years of his business 
records, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled Monday, allowing Trump's attorneys 
Former Trump campaign adviser Roger Stone can't escape guilty verdicts on 
Trump's nominee to lead the U.S. Labor Department, earned more than $6 
fueled calls for investigations into the Trump administration's potential 
senators questioning President Donald Trump's picks for district courts in 
Strawn alum and a Trump administration lawyer. 
Trump's Alaska Trial Court Pick Worth $761K 
President Donald Trump's just-confirmed pick for a federal trial court seat in 
House Panel Subpoena For Trump Docs Invalid, Justices Told 
A House committee's subpoena for President Donald Trump's financial 
the U.S. Supreme Court, Trump's attorneys told the court Thursday. 
Subject: Roger Stone's Fine, Supervision Term Also Lifted By Trump 
Roger Stone's Fine, Supervision Term Also Lifted By Trump 
came to light Monday, showing that President Donald Trump wiped out 
suits over Trump administration policies. Here, Law360 looks at 
Conservative Lawyers Slam Trump's ‘Ignorant Racist’ Tweets 
Monday tore into tweets in which President Donald Trump suggested four 
Trump Family Tax History: A Professional Evaluation 
impropriety by the Trump family. Read full article » 
arguments just days after he was sworn in as President Donald Trump's 
Trump's Personal Driver Of More Than 25 Years Drops OT Suit 
President Donald Trump's former chauffeur on Thursday voluntarily withdrew 
Trump Organization Inc. 
against Donald Trump. At the time, Manhattan 
against Trump was still ongoing, and a jury 
some comments about Trump and their relationship that Mark thought were of interest. We understand Mark 
comments about Trump and their relationship that Mark thought were of interest. We understand Mark received this 
Subject: Fwd: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - FW: Cambridge Analytica / Trump / Royal Family / 
Subject: [EXTERN AL EM: AIL] - FW: Cambridge Analytica / Trump / Royal Family / Epstein/Maxwell - 
Subject: FW: Cambridge Analytica / Trump / Royal Family / Epstein/Maxwell - 
Subject: Cambridge Analytica / Trump / Royal Family / Epstein/Maxwell - 
Trump and enjoys protection from within the Royal family. 
to name names. I believe Presient Trump authorized is murder. 
