Subject: 20-2413 Giuffre v. Maxwell "Notice of Telephonic Date Acknowledgment FILED" 
Case Name: Giuffre v. Maxwell 
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, 
Virginia L. Giuffre, 
the civil case, which the protective order expressly precludes. See Giuffre v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, 
# 36), requests that the Court enter an Order allowing her to refer to and file under seal in Giuffre 
v. Maxwell, 15-cv-5433 (LAP), and a related Second Circuit appeal, Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 20- 
Flexner, which appears to include their entire civil file from the Giuffre case. ” 
The defamation action and its Protective Order- Giuffre vy. Maxwell 
Order protecting confidential information from public disclosure. See Giuffre v. Maxwell, 15-cv- 
Protective Order substantially similar to the Protective Order entered in Giuffre v. Maxwell was 
any related matter, including but not limited to, investigations by law enforcement.” See Giuffre v. 
One year after Giuffre v. Maxwell was dismissed and closed, the Miami Herald sought to reopen 
On July 9, the Giuffre case was assigned to the Honorable Loretta Preska who was charged with 
Second Circuit to stay the unsealing order pending appeal. See Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 20-2413, 
counsel for Ms. Maxwell (also counsel for her in the Giuffre case) only received these materials at 11:38 
Giuffre case. As the Second Circuit has already held, much of the discovery was compelled, and 
responses provided, based on the promise of confidentiality by the Giuffre Protective Order. See 
omission) to their tactical advantage in the Giuffre unsealing process, and Ms. Maxwell is unable 
jurisdiction over the Protective Order entered in the Giuffre v. Maxwell case. Issues related to the 
precisely what was turned over. In the Giuffre v. Maxwell litigation, certain orders entered by 
unsealing process. See Giuffre v. Maxwell, 15-cv-7433 (Doc. # 1100). But because of the 
criminal action, . . . the Court has no reasonable basis to impose a stay.” See Giuffre v. Maxwell, 
stay of the unsealing process. The unsealing process in Giuffre is moving ahead to other 
under seal in Giuffre v. Maxwell, 15-cv-5433 (LAP), and the related Second Circuit appeal, 
Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 20-2413, the Material at issue in this letter motion. 
Giuffre v. Maxwell, 325 F. Supp. 3d 428 (S.D.N.Y. 2018) oo... cee ccseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeseeeeseeseeeeeeeneneae 6 
by Law Enforcement” or, In the Alternative, to Stay Proceedings. Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 15-cv- 
EXHIBIT B: Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 15-cv-07433-RWS, Transcript, Apr. 21, 2016 
Boies Schiller. Giuffre sued Maxwell, not the other way around. And the defamation claim (the 
only claim Giuffre ever asserted against Maxwell, who did not file a counterclaim) had nothing 
Maxwell for allegedly trafficking and abusing Giuffre, which then compelled Maxwell, over 
thereof, the government misled Chief Judge McMahon to modify the Giuffre Protective Order 
unsealing process in Giuffre v. Maxwell. In the only other active SDNY case against Epstein, 
By contrast, the government opted not to intervene and stay the unsealing in Giuffre v. 
Giuffre v. Maxwell docket and has not been unsealed by Judge Preska. Resp. at 94. In fact, the 
the Giuffre Protective Order had been modified behind her back until she was indicted and the 
2 To this day, Judge Preska—who is presiding over the Giuffre action since Judge Sweet's 
The record in the Giuffre case preceding the first deposition supports this conclusion as 
well. Based on Giuffre’s claim of an ongoing investigation, Maxwell requested, prior to her 
deposition, that Giuffre disclose any alleged “on-going criminal investigation by law 
“{ajny materials that [Giuffre] has with respect to any criminal investigations will be turned over 
[by Giuffre] except for any statements made by [Giuffre] to law enforcement authority.” Ex. B, p 
Giuffre produced no such materials, and the deposition proceeded as scheduled the next day. 
need or subpoena and based on Giuffre’s failure to disclose any “ongoing criminal 
that Giuffre possessed in February and March 2016. Under Judge Sweet’s pre-deposition order, 
Giuffre should have turned these documents over to Maxwell before the April 2016 deposition. 
Giuffre’s failure to turn the documents over, despite Judge Sweet’s order, is compelling evidence 
https://nypost.com/2019/12/02/email-from-prince-andrew-seems-to-show-he-does-remember-virginia-giuffre/? 
Giuffre v. Ghislaine Maxwell, No. 15 Civ. 7433 (LAP) 
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, | 
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, | 
the countervailing interests rebut the presumption of public access to the item. Giuffre v. Maxwell, 
VIRGINIA L. GIUFFRE, 
Giuffre counsel Joshua Schiller of Boies Schiller submitted a letter to Judge Preska on Monday urging her to deny the 
The case is Giuffre v. Dershowitz, case number 1:19-cv-03377, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New 
the civil case, which the protective order expressly precludes. See Giuffre v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 
Those stem from an offer made in 2015 by Boies Schiller partner Carlos Sires to represent Dershowitz after Giuffre alleged 
Giuffre counsel Joshua Schiller of Boies Schiller submitted a letter to Judge Preska on Monday urging her to deny the 
Giuffre is represented by Joshua Schiller and Sigrid McCawley of Boies Schiller Flexner LLP. 
See Giuffre v. Maxwell, Case No. 15-cv-7433, Dkt. No. 1212-1. In light of this, the Court sees 
e GIUFFREOO1573 (list of girls’ names and black book. Listed > 86 of black book) 
GIUFFREO01573 (black book; listed a 
