U WEXNER FOUNDATION - financial connection to JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
U WEXNER FOUNDATION - financial connection to JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
has worked closely with multi-billionaire Leslie Wexner, founder of the Limited chain of women's 
time was wholly owned by Leslie Wexner, the billionaire founder of the Limited Company.2 In 
or about 1998, Wexner agreed to sell the New York Residence to Epstein for $20 million. We 
financial projects for Wexner, including through having power of attorney for Wexner; it also 
appears that Epstein stole or otherwise misappropriated more than $100 million from Wexner, in 
d. Counsel for Leslie Wexner 
On July 25, 2019, counsel for Wexner provided us with an attorney proffer. Wexner is 
the billionaire founder and CEO of L Brands (formerly Limited Brands) corporation, which 
controls Victoria's Secret, among other retail brands. It has been publicly reported that Wexner 
and Epstein had a close relationship and that Epstein managed Wexner's finances from the 1990s 
During our meeting, Wexner's attorneys indicated that Wexner had no knowledge of any 
Wexner's relationship with Epstein was more professional than social. The attorneys also 
explained that over his years handling Wexner's finances, Epstein stole or otherwise 
misappropriated several hundred million dollars from Wexner. That misconduct, together with 
fees that Epstein paid himself for his services to Wexner, appears to account for virtually all of 
Wexner first met Epstein in the 1980s through a mutual friend who recommended 
Wexner brought Epstein on to help with his investments. Over time, Epstein became more 
involved in Wexner's finances until Epstein controlled all of Wexner's personal finances with 
virtually no oversight. In 1991, Epstein obtained a power of attorney from Wexner, which 
enabled Epstein to handle the purchase and sale of real estate and other assets on Wexner's 
belonged to Wexner, but the Wexners had moved out of it in 1995. Epstein also sold himself a 
private plane that previously belonged to Wexner at a deeply discounted price. 
In the 1990s, Epstein told Wexner that he had other clients and that Wexner did not need 
introduced Wexner to a number of other people as his clients, and Wexner interacted with other 
in Dubai. Epstein had no formal role in L Brands or Victoria's Secret. At some point, Wexner 
when Wexner asked Epstein about it, Epstein denied doing so. 
Epstein handled Wexner's personal business affairs until 2007, when Wexner learned that 
Epstein had stolen or otherwise misappropriated several hundred million dollars from Wexner. 
Around that time, Epstein told Wexner that he was having legal problems involving an overly 
could get messy, so it would be best for Wexner's wife to take over the family finances. In 
response, Wexner's wife looked into the state of their finances and discovered that Epstein had 
bought property on behalf of the Wexners and then sold it to himself for a fraction of the cost. 
The Wexners then decided to cut off Epstein. When confronted, Epstein tried to convince 
Wexner's wife that she did not understand the financials and insisted that he had the Wexners' 
best interests at heart. The Wexners did not want to bring unnecessary public attention to the 
Wexners, which he did in January of 2008. At that point, Wexner severed all ties with Epstein, 
Wexner knows nothing about the 
time, Epstein owned a property adjacent to the Wexners about a half mile way from the 
Wexners's property. The Wexners's security team is not aware of any inappropriate incident 
taking place on the Wexners's property, and the Wexners first heard about 
