known as the Canadian Mounties of your body. 
studying massage, in a peaceful, laid-back Canadian city, Toronto may be 
Vancouver. This three-year program costs $25,000 Canadian dollars, which 
Canadian Mounted Police). 
Q47: If a Canadian government official is to be deposed or interviewed, provide name, title, and 
Q48: If INTERPOL, Canadian law enforcement, or another Canadian authority has cleared the 
visit or if Canadian authorities are otherwise prepared to cooperate, explain in detail including 
names, titles, and telephone numbers of the Canadian contact(s). 
Marcus in a joint venture of Ares Corporate Opportunities Funds III and IV and the Canadian Pension Plan 
and Clayton/Sull Crom client NITE. Urban also on the BoD of money laundering shell: Pakastani/Canadian pot 
money laundering shell: Canadian/Pakastani/pot/COVID: FSD Parma: HUGE. Trump advisers/campaign staff 
Canadian Who Tried to Join Terror Group in Syria Released from Prison Despite Being ‘High Risk to Public 
FAA Fit. Standards | Manufecturer Maintenance Organization ersons Approved by Canadiar 
FAA Fit Standards : = Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards : = Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards . at Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards a Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards P ee Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards : Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards , Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards . —_— Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards , Person Approved by Canadian 
F. it Standards Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards . Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards : Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit Standards . : Person Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit. Standards » Persons Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit. Standards » , eas Persons Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit. Standards » , , Persons Approved by Canadian 
FAA Fit. Standards : : Persons Approved by Canadian 
CANADIAN TYPE APPROVAL E-11, FAA TYPE CERTIFICATE E2S5EA. 
Extremist groups ‘actively recruiting’ military and police, Canadian intelligence report warns 
declassified Canadian intelligence report obtained by Global News. The report cited 17 examples in Canada, the U.S., 
violent extremism and uniformed personnel." Six of the cases involved members of the Canadian military or reserves... It 
contained in the Canadian 
This confirms that the following aircraft was removed from the Canadian Civil Aircraft 
Canadian Civil Aircraft Register website: 
This confirms that the following aircraft has never been enterec! on the Canadian Civil 
Institute of Health; the Canadian Government; the City University of New York; W.T. Grant Foundation; 
Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2()18). Invited Trainer on Human Trafficking for the Canadian Police 
College Human Trafficking Investigator's Course, Royal Canadian Mounted Police and Halifax 
How is Contact Known: this is the person who owed the Serbian- Canadian 
I was living in NYC tn 2002-2004 and was introduced to Jeffrey Epstein by a Canadian woman who at the ume 
Maxwell. The woman. | CY us un uspiring French Canadian model und a close triend of Jelfrey Epstein. 
is expected to seek the release of two Canadians similarly detained 
The U.S. authorities are investigating Peter Nygard, a Canadian citizen, and other co- 
embarrassment is no ground for non-disclosure (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation v The Queen (2014) 
cational Resources Information Center, Canadian Research 
Joye.nadiad—w 33 A ayy yO aunaeu 
Journal of the Canadian Academy of Child and Adolescent Psy 
representative sample of adults from Quebec. Canadian Journal of 
T., ... Cloutier, R. (2005). Canadian incidence study of reported 
maltreatment. Canadian incidence study of reported child abuse 
(2009b). What Canadian youth tell us about disclosing abuse. 
of Canadian youth, they found that young people used a range of disclosure 
Ungar M, Tutty LM, McConnell S, Barter K, Fairholm J. 2009b. What Canadian youth tell us 
e A Canadian court said sending asylum seekers back to the U.S. 
proceed and to Canadian producers wanting to move more oil across the 
Canadian Mounted Police). 
Q47: If a Canadian government official is to be deposed or interviewed, provide name, title, and 
Q48: If INTERPOL, Canadian law enforcement, or another Canadian authority has cleared the 
visit or if Canadian authorities are otherwise prepared to cooperate, explain in detail including 
names, titles, and telephone numbers of the Canadian contact(s). 
THE GUARDIAN: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/dec/15/peter-nygard-canadian-fashion-mogul-arrested 
CTV: https: //winnipeg.ctvnews.ca/canadian-fashion-mogul-peter-nygard-arrested-in-winnipeg-1.5231922 
GLOBALNEWS: https://globalnews.ca/news/7522991/canadian-fashion-mogul-peter-nygard-arrested/ 
C. Relevant Canadian case-law 
73. Section | of the Canadian Charter of Rights provides that the Charter 
eighteen. Before making the extradition order the Canadian Minister of 
Canadians. The factors favouring extradition far outweighed those that did 
Wellington and the Canadian Supreme Court in Burns and Ferras (see 
assistance can be derived from the approach taken by the Canadian Supreme 
Canadian Charter on fundamental justice and not the Charter’s prohibition 
paragraphs 53 and 61 respectively and the Canadian case of Burns, at 
Huawei Exec Granted Bail By Canadian Judge 
A Canadian judge granted bail on Tuesday to a top Huawei Technologies Co. 
‘mistake.’ Then in Ottawa, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said 
A technology company has dropped DLA Piper's Canadian arm and two 
Associated with Subject’s SSN, Canadian White Pages, Email Addresses, Marriage Records, Divorce Records, 
