Leslie Wexner, The Limited Inc, CEO's, plane had arrived in West Palm 
*%. NM Wexner 
Wexner of the Limited, socialite Ghislaine Maxwell, even Donald Trump. 
Leslie Wexner, his client list is a closely held secret. A 
Leslie Wexner, founder and chairman of the Columbus, Ohio—based Limited chain of 
women's-clothing stores. Wexner, who is said to be worth more than $2.5 billion by 
Wexner-Epstein relationship is indeed a multifaceted one. 
Given the secrecy that envelops Epstein's client list, some have speculated that Wexner is 
you: Jeffrey Epstein has other clients besides Wexner. I know because some of them are 
East 71st Street -- was originally bought by Wexner for $13 million in 1989. Wexner 
Epstein also owned a grand house (he has since sold it) near Wexner's opulent manse at 
New Albany was a lush spraw] of farmland on the outskirts of Columbus that Wexner, 
financed largely by Wexner himself. Epstein was a general partner in the real-estate 
investigative journalist who has written extensively on Wexner and his finances. "Epstein 
cleaned everything up, as well as serving Wexner in other capacities -- such as 
facilitating visits to Wexner's home of the crew from Cats and organizing a Tony Randall 
song-and-dance show put on in Columbus." Wexner declines to talk about his 
Epstein in any way to land Clinton. Wexner is a staunch Republican donor, and Epstein, 
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-07-13/a-billionaire-and-a-sex-offender-the-wexner-and-epstein-ties 
like the mansion, the Boeing 727, on which Epstein shuttled famous friends including Bill Clinton, was also a hand-me-down from Wexner, 
Epstein used the jet on at least one occasion in the 1990s to travel to Abigail Plantation in Georgia, a quail-hunting preserve Wexner named 
names. Dozens of phone numbers are listed for Wexner -- for his home, the plantation, residences in London and Aspen as well as for 
various vehicles and staff associated with each property, plus more for executives at Wexner’s companies. 
These former ties could be liabilities for Wexner, who in a 2003 Vanity Fair article praised Epstein for his “combination of excellent 
judgment and unusually high standards.” What’s more, Wexner said, “he is always a most loyal friend.” 
lingerie retailer. He explained that he was friends with Les Wexner, the chief executive of 
Epstein was a money manager. He managed Les Wexner’s money and possibly 
Wexner: Epstein investigation 
billionaire Les Wexner 
Subject: CNBC; Jeffrey Epstein used $46 million charitable donation to keep alive his ties with billionaire Les Wexner 
https://www.cnbc.com/2019/07/11/epstein-donated-46-million-to-les-wexners-private-foundation-in-2008.html? 
billionaire Les Wexner 
e Accused child molester Jeff Epstein in 2008 essentially bankrolled one of Les Wexner’s first nonprofit 
e Despite the massive donation, the Wexners tried to distance themselves from Epstein. 
e While Wexner appeared to shun Epstein after his first arrest in Florida, many politicians and companies 
billionaire L Brands founder and Chairman Les Wexner was trying to distance himself from the 
That didn’t stop Epstein in 2008 from essentially bankrolling one of Wexner’s first nonprofit 
Some of the alleged crimes took place in a New York townhouse once owned by Wexner. He is 
currently being held without bail. Wexner was known to be one of the money manager’s few 
Epstein provided initial financing to Wexner’s YLK Charitable Fund more than 10 years ago, 
even as Wexner and his wife started to break away from the financier after the initial accusations 
person refused to comment. It is unclear whether the Wexners will give the money away. 
$46 million plus to YLK , according to a 2008 990 disclosure form. Wexner became YLK’s 
It was the only contribution the Wexners received that year. In 2009 and 2010, YLK did not 
Epstein first financed the Wexner nonprofit with $33 million worth of Applestock and $5.4 
The assets Epstein gave the Wexners’ nonprofit helped it have at least $10 million in short-term 
In late 2010, YLK announced it would transfer all of its assets to The Wexner Family Charitable 
show. Since 2010 the Wexner fund has been actively contributing to a variety of causes. 
group: The Wexner Foundation. 
A spokeswoman for Wexner only noted he had “severed ties” with Epstein over a decade ago and 
Calls to the Wexner Foundation, where The Wexner Family Charitable Fund is *located*, along 
with an email to Les Wexner’s attorney, were not returned. The treasurer of Epstein’s current 
Before his massive stock distribution to the Wexner group, Epstein told The New York Times that a 
Manhattan mansion Wexner bought for $13.2 million was now his. “Les never spent more than two 
In an interview with Vanity Fair in 2003, Wexner praised Epstein for his understanding of politics 
“T think we both possess the skill of seeing patterns,” Wexner said. “But Jeffrey sees patterns in 
While Wexner appeared to move way from Epstein after his initial arrest, many politicians and 
I do not know about Ohio contacting Wexner. 
This is interesting. The mansion was the home of a school until Leslie Wexner bought it in 1989 — at least according to a 
number of public reports. He remodeled it, and it was featured (as Wexner’s house) in Architectural Digest in 1995. As 
transfers title to another Epstein entity. So did he own it that entire time, rather than Wexner, as had been 
advertised?? Or did Wexner own it through a corporation for which Epstein was the president until 2012? 
Leslie Wexner, IJ (Ohio) 
