sexual relations with Prince Andrew, 
personal relationship with Prince Andrew, and that was a 
Subject: RE: ee. Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's 
This had Prince Andrew, Prince Harry and Megan Markel in the same story. 
Subject: Re: ME: Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with 
Subject: FW: EE: Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with 
Subject: EE: Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey 
Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey 
6) If so, does Prince Andrew remain a person of interest? Have US prosecutors managed to get a statement 
newly unsealed court documents that Prince Andrew and Alan Dershowitz put pressure on the DOJ to = 
Subject: Prince Andrew 
Is it possible to say, on background, whether you want to question Prince Andrew and Ghislaine Maxwell 
included interaction with Prince Andrew at townhouse. 
one is to see Prince Andrew. The Oxford-educated Maxwell, described by many as a 
link to Prince Andrew. If you want a link to that story, let me know. [As an aside about the London article/leak 
Prince Andrew ‘shut the door' on Epstein probe cooperation: U.S. prosecutor 
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Britain’s Prince Andrew has declined to cooperate with a U.S. investigation into possible co- 
“Contrary to Prince Andrew’s very public offer to cooperate with our investigation into Epstein’s co-conspirators, an 
offer that was conveyed via press release, Prince Andrew has now completely shut the door on voluntary cooperation 
Prince Andrew ‘shut the door' on Epstein probe cooperation: U.S. prosecutor 
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Britain’s Prince Andrew has declined to cooperate with a U.S. investigation into possible co- 
“Contrary to Prince Andrew’s very public offer to cooperate with our investigation into Epstein’s co-conspirators, an 
offer that was conveyed via press release, Prince Andrew has now completely shut the door on voluntary cooperation 
Subject: RE: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost 
Subject: FW: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost 
Subject: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost 
Writing to ask whether Britain's Prince Andrew will submit to questioning by U.S. investigators looking into 
Epstein, 66 -- who at one time socialized with former President Bill Clinton, Great Britain's Prince Andrew and President 
Prince Andrew of Britain. He owns homes around the world, including a mansion in Palm Beach. His lawyers pegged his 
Subject: FW: Prince Andrew 
Subject: Fwd: Prince Andrew 
Subject: Prince Andrew 
arrest of Ghislaine Maxwell and the implications of this case for Prince Andrew. i and FT have smaller stories. 
Prince Andrew is ‘bewildered’ over lack of response from US justice officials as he and Royal Family brace for 
members were there, {J name was there, Prince Andrew’s name was there, 
Subject: DAILY BEAST: Prince Andrew: I’m Ready to Talk. The FBI Never Asked. Feds: Oh Yes, We Did 
Prince Andrew and the FBI were involved in a furious war of words Tuesday, after he 
any way. Prince Andrew is not your typical witness, by 
advise as to whether Prince Andrew will agree to be interviewed and, if so, when such interview will take place. 
On November 20, 2019, Prince Andrew publicly offered to cooperate with our investigation into Jeffrey Epstein’s crimes, 
part of [the Epstein] investigation have you reached out to interview Prince Andrew, and has he been cooperative?” 
with our investigation. However, in Prince Andrew’s case, he publicly offered, indeed in a press release, offered to 
that context, it’s fair for people to know whether Prince Andrew has followed through with that public commitment. So let 
me say that the Southern District of New York and the FBI have contacted Prince Andrew’s attorneys and requested to 
interview Prince Andrew and to date, Prince Andrew has provided zero cooperation.” 
interview Prince Andrew about the late paedophile billionaire, but had been met with a wall of silence”(The 
Subject: Re: Attorney who slammed Prince Andrew will 'ruthlessly pursue all leads' in Epstein probe 
Subject: NYTimes: Prince Andrew Says He ‘Let the Side Down’ When He Stayed With Jeffrey Epstein 
Prince Andrew Says He ‘Let the Side Down’ When He Stayed With Jeffrey Epstein 
Trump, Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew, and moved in elite circles, including for several years in a relationship 
Trump, Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew, and moved in elite circles, including for several years in a relationship 
request to interview Prince Andrew re the investigation into Jeffrey Epstein. The recent MLA request. 
York, Prince Andrew. These contact details are: 
May | offer my congratulations on the way in which your office has been handling the Prince Andrew 
for all of Prince Andrew's ills when you are in the middle of trying to conduct a professional 
And it is for this reason that everyone in Britain now feels that Prince Andrew really should 
Democracy to accord Prince Andrew special privileges 
America who are guilty along with Prince Andrew? And this after Donald Trump himself 
6) If so, does Prince Andrew remain a person of interest? Have US prosecutors managed to get a statement from him 
still be recoverable as evidence. After | was hit by the car, | woke up to Prince Andrew 
remember seeing Prince Andrew's face. eeecety Cote es ol | tried to sneak out. 
linked to Prince Andrew. Jb Benn the magician was also very closely 
Subject: Witness torpedoes Prince Andrew’s denials about alleged Epstein sex slave | Toronto Sun 
was a member of the British Royal Family, Prince Andrew (a/k/a Duke of York). Jane Doe #3 
facilitated Prince Andrew’s acts of sexual abuse by acting as a “madame” for Epstein, thereby 
See below and attached. The MLA request regarding Prince Andrew has officially been delivered to the UK. 
authorities”) seek to interview H.R.H. Prince Andrew Albert Christian Edward, the Duke of York, 
also known as Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor (“Prince Andrew” or “the witness”), relating to two 
communications and meetings between Prince Andrew and the subjects of one investigation. 
Prince Andrew and request the assistance of UK authorities in arranging for such an interview. In 
The investigation to date has revealed that Prince Andrew may have been a witness to 
victim has alleged that Maxwell introduced her to Prince Andrew who, according to this victim, 
information suggesting that Prince Andrew had knowledge that Maxwell recruited females to 
engage in sex acts with Epstein and other men. Finally, there is evidence that Prince Andrew 
engaged in sexual conduct involving one of Epstein’s victims. Prince Andrew is not presently a 
of this date. The investigation has revealed that, on at least one occasion, Prince Andrew travelled 
adult female victims. U.S. authorities seek to question Prince Andrew regarding his visit(s) to 
Peter Nygard and related individuals. Prince Andrew is not presently a target of this investigation, 
Name: H.R.H. Prince Andrew Albert Christian Edward, Duke of York 
U.S. authorities seek to conduct an investigative interview of Prince Andrew. U.S. 
representative of Maxwell or Epstein arranged for Prince Andrew to 
Any civil lawsuits threatened or brought against Prince Andrew, 
Maxwell, arranged for Prince Andrew to meet. 
vi. Any civil lawsuits threatened or brought against Prince Andrew, 
The U.S. Authorities would seek to question Prince Andrew regarding the following 
1. The history and nature of Prince Andrew’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. 
2. The history and nature of Prince Andrew’s relationship with Ghislaine Maxwell. 
3. The history and nature of Prince Andrew’s relationship with eee 
4. The details regarding any trips Prince Andrew took with and/or to visit Maxwell and/or 
5. The details regarding any trips Maxwell and/or Epstein took to visit Prince Andrew. 
6. The details regarding any payments Prince Andrew made to or received from Maxwell, 
7. The names and identifying features of any females Prince Andrew met through Epstein 
8. The details of any conversations Prince Andrew participated in or witnessed during 
9. The details of Prince Andrew’s interactions with and/or conversations regarding iam 
10. Communications, including email correspondence, between Prince Andrew and Maxwell 
regarding Maxwell’s attempts to introduce Prince Andrew to females. 
11. Any knowledge Prince Andrew had or may have had of inappropriate relationships, 
12. Prince Andrew’s involvement, if any, in any sexual contact and/or relationship with any 
person Prince Andrew met through or with Epstein and/or Maxwell. 
1. The history and nature of Prince Andrew’s relationship with Peter Nygard. 
2. The details regarding any trips Prince Andrew took with and/or to visit Nygard. 
3. The details of any trips Prince Andrew took to Nygard Cay, whether or not Nygard was 
4. The names and/or descriptions of any females Prince Andrew met through Nygard or at 
e. Whether Prince Andrew observed any females who appeared to be, or stated that 
other observations Prince Andrew made of those females or conversations Prince 
Andrew had or witnessed involving those females, and whether Prince Andrew 
3. Please describe the history and nature of Prince Andrew’s relationship with Ghislaine 
4. Please describe the history and nature of Prince Andrew’s relationship with Jeffrey 
Please describe the history and nature of Prince Andrew’s relationship with ee | 
for Prince Andrew at any time, regarding any of the following topics: 
b. Females Ghislaine Maxwell or her representative arranged for Prince Andrew to 
Any civil lawsuits threatened or brought against Prince Andrew, Maxwell, and/or 
viii. Any civil lawsuits threatened or brought against Prince Andrew, Maxwell, 
Prince Andrew at any time, regarding any of the following topics: 
Females Jeffrey Epstein or his representative arranged for Prince Andrew to meet; 
ii. Females Jeffrey Epstein or his representative arranged for Prince Andrew 
representative for Prince Andrew 
d. Nature of Prince Andrew’s interactions with ——— ae 
representative for Ghislaine Maxwell from or on behalf of Prince Andrew. 
Jeffrey Epstein well from or on behalf of Prince Andrew. 
e for well from or on behalf of Prince Andrew. 
female Prince Andrew met through Ghislaine Maxwell and/or Jeffrey Epstein, or any 
female from or on behalf of Prince Andrew. 
describe how Prince Andrew met any such female and detail any communications Prince 
e. Whether Prince Andrew observed any females who appeared to be, or stated that 
Prince Andrew. 
Peter Nygard from or on behalf of Prince Andrew. 
she was introduced to Prince Andrew and went dancing at a 
e Raped by Prince Andrew at Maxwell’s in London. Instructed by 
Had sex with Prince Andrew 3 times. 
Dershowitz and Britain’s Prince Andrew. 
¢ Groped by Prince Andrew during visit to the UK with Epstein. "I just 
Subject: RE: Prince Andrew 'maybe has something to hide': Epstein butler 
Subject: Prince Andrew 'maybe has something to hide’: Epstein butler 
Most headlines are leading with Prince Andrew and his involvement in 
concerning Prince Andrew’s links to the billionaire paedophile, the 
prosecutors and the FBI had asked to interview Prince Andrew about the late paedophile billionaire, but had 
Subject: notes from t/c with counsel to Prince Andrew 
* notably, it was reported months ago that we were attempting to interview Prince Andrew, which was 
Subject: Re: Attorney who slammed Prince Andrew will 'ruthlessly pursue all leads’ in Epstein probe 
Subject: Re: gloria allred purchases prince andrew 'wanted' poster 
Subject: FW: gloria allred purchases prince andrew 'wanted' poster 
Subject: Prince Andrew 
* Sarah Nathan and Kate Sheey, “Prince Andrew refuses to cooperate with feds in Jeffrey Epstein probe,” NY Post 
> Alan Feuer, “Prince Andrew and U.S> Prosecutor in Nasty Dispute Over Epstein Case,” NY Times (June 8, 2020) 
request to interview Prince Andrew re the investigation into Jeffrey Epstein. The recent MLA request. 
Subject: Barr confirms DOJ wants Prince Andrew to 'provide some evidence' in Epstein investigation 
newly unsealed court documents that Prince Andrew and Alan Dershowitz put pressure on the DOJ to give 
commitments. Please advise as to whether Prince Andrew will agree to be interviewed and, if so, when such interview 
On November 20, 2019, Prince Andrew publicly offered to cooperate with our investigation into Jeffrey Epstein’s 
“As part of [the Epstein] investigation have you reached out to interview Prince Andrew, and has he been 
cooperate with our investigation. However, in Prince Andrew’s case, he publicly offered, indeed in a press release, 
coconspirators. So | think in that context, it’s fair for people to know whether Prince Andrew has followed through with 
Andrew’s attorneys and requested to interview Prince Andrew and to date, Prince Andrew has provided zero 
prosecutors and the FBI had asked to interview Prince Andrew about the late paedophile billionaire, but had 
Embedded: RE: Witness torpedoes Prince Andrew’s denials about alleged Epstein sex slave | Toront 
Subject: RE: Witness torpedoes Prince Andrew’s denials about alleged Epstein sex slave | Toronto Sun 
Subject: Fwd: Witness torpedoes Prince Andrew’s denials about alleged Epstein sex slave | Toronto Sun 
ring, including former President Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew of the British Royal 
flew-on-sex-offenders-jet-much-more-than-previously-known.html; (Prince Andrew) 
Subject: NYTimes: Prince Andrew Sought Washington Lobbyist to Help With Epstein Case 
Prince Andrew Sought Washington Lobbyist to Help With Epstein Case 
Prince Andrew. 
Subject: Prince Andrew hires leading extradition lawyer to fend off FBI probe into his links with paedo 
Subject: Re: Prince Andrew reportedly now cooperating with Jeffrey Epstein investigators 
Subject: Prince Andrew reportedly now cooperating with Jeffrey Epstein investigators 
next steps in the Epstein investigation, particularly as it pertains to Prince Andrew’s unwillingness to cooperate. 
Epstein included interaction with Prince Andrew at townhouse. 
Subject: Fwd: gloria allred purchases prince andrew ‘wanted’ poster 
Subject: FW: gloria allred purchases prince andrew 'wanted' poster 
Trump, Clinton, Prince Andrew) 
Prince Andrew, and after his counsel declined to make him available for a voluntary 
In case you missed it, attached is an article written by Evan Barr about Prince Andrew and “zero cooperation.” 
Prince Andrew 
charges against co-conspirators)? Another Prince Andrew question? 
Subject: Fwd: Prince Andrew 
Subject: Prince Andrew 
Following Geoff's comments about Prince Andrew on January 27, the team heard from counsel for several witnesses 
who had seen Geoff’s remarks and had concerns. Specifically, following the comments about Prince Andrew, the team 
Subject: Re: Prince Andrew 
Subject: RE: Prince Andrew 
Subject: RE: Prince Andrew 
Subject: Re: Prince Andrew 
Today, Prince Andrew yet again sought to falsely publicly portray himself as eager and willing to cooperate with an 
very same counsel who issued today’s release -- that he would not come in for such an interview. If Prince Andrew is, 
included interaction with Prince Andrew at townhouse. 
Subject: RE: Prince Andrew 
Subject: Fwd: Prince Andrew 
Subject: Prince Andrew 
arrest of Ghislaine Maxwell and the implications of this case for Prince Andrew. i and FT have smaller stories. 
Prince Andrew is ‘bewildered’ over lack of response from US justice officials as he and Royal Family brace for 
Following J comments about Prince Andrew on January 27, the team heard from counsel for several witnesses who 
and Qi E. cach of whom referenced Jj comments about Prince Andrew and sough to confirm that their own 
about Prince Andrew include counsel! for JJ IJ counsel for I IJ and counsel! for I 
Subject: Second Epstein victim says she had sex with Prince Andrew 
prince Andrew would like much more to represent casanov in china than tim collins 
with extremely high-powered individuals such as Trump and Prince Andrew, reportedly introducing 
(the reporter mentioned GM, Prince Andrew and some other things, seeming to lean toward GM but not specific). He 
Trewep, Prince Andrew, and other politicians end heeds-of-state. For thet 
Tremp, Prince Andrew, and other politiciens end heeds-of-state. For that 
On November 20, 2019, Prince Andrew publicly offered to cooperate with our investigation into Jeffrey Epstein’s crimes, 
part of [the Epstein] investigation have you reached out to interview Prince Andrew, and has he been cooperative?” 
cooperate with our investigation. However, in Prince Andrew’s case, he publicly offered, indeed in a press release, 
So | think in that context, it’s fair for people to know whether Prince Andrew has followed through with that public 
commitment. So let me say that the Southern District of New York and the FBI have contacted Prince Andrew’s attorneys 
and requested to interview Prince Andrew and to date, Prince Andrew has provided zero cooperation.” 
the FBI had asked to interview Prince Andrew about the late paedophile billionaire, but had been met with a 
Subject: Prince Andrew ‘a person of interest’ in Epstein probe - source | Reuters 
I'm going through discovery on a case and part of that is a picture of me with Prince Andrew, do you recall seeing the date on the back 
enough | have every other original photo but the one with Prince Andrew and that's no good as | am in need of just the date on 
Subject: RE: Prince Andrew 'maybe has something to hide': Epstein butler 
Subject: Prince Andrew 'maybe has something to hide’: Epstein butler 
newly unsealed court documents that Prince Andrew and Alan Dershowitz put pressure on the DOJ to give 
Is it possible to say, on background, whether you want to question Prince Andrew and Ghislaine Maxwell [both 
Is it possible to say, on background, whether you want to question Prince Andrew and Ghislaine Maxwell [both 
Geoff answered at least one specific question about the investigation, relating to Prince Andrew. We just heard 
Subject: Re: Witness re Prince Andrew 
Subject: Re: Witness re Prince Andrew 
Subject: Witness re Prince Andrew 
We have a client who witnessed Prince Andrew's interactions with Eee) I 
specific question about the investigation, relating to Prince Andrew. We just heard from {J that he spoke to I 
of update for the ongoing case. It was exactly what [J had said; a question was asked about Prince Andrew and the US 
believe the case was discussed in any detail with the exception of one remark about Prince Andrew. I am confident that 
Were you aware of this MLAT that was sent to the UK requesting information from Prince Andrew? 
FY! — our Office is sending the attached MLAT to Prince Andrew related to the Epstein and Nygard investigations. 
As you may be aware, there has been significant media reporting in the UK about (former) Prince Andrew and 
Prince Andrew twice on Martha's Vineyard in the early to mid-90's 
e Robert Maxwell daughter Ghislaine embroiled in Prince Andrew scandal | Daily Mail 
