Your access to grand jury materials, including testimony and documents, is for the sole purpose of 
Your access to grand jury materials, including testimony and documents, is for the sole purpose of 
called to testify before the Grand Jury to seek an indictment against 
to testify because she felt: they were still friends. 
victims needed to report for Grand Jury testimony. Messages were left 
testified as follows: 
Q. Is your testimony today based in part of those 
testimony that you're going to hear today will include 
be testifying solely from her own observations, but that 
If, however, you would like to hear the testimony 
testifying today. 
Q. And would it assist you in testifying today? 
Q. And is your testimony today based on both your 
Q. So you testified that she ultimately went to his 
Q. Is your testimony today based both on your review 
Q. Is your testimony today based on both your review 
QO. So turning to slide 25. You've testified that 
back to slide 30. I believe you testified earlier that the 
0. When you testified about the documents that you 
you testifying to the exact words used or just the substance 
Jury, was examined and testified as follows: 
Q. Did you testify before this grand jury on 
Q. And is your testimony today based in part on 
testimony that you're going to hear today will 
witness will not be testifying solely from her own 
7 testimony of any other witness, you have the right 
15 testifying before this grand jury on June 18, 2019;.is 
20 transcript of your testimony on that date? 
testifying about your interviews with a young woman 
testifying about phone records of a call between a 
Q. So when you testified that based on the phone 
ask you, do you recall testifying before this grand 
QO. Do you recall testifying about >: 
Q. When you testified about the documents you 
were you testifying to the exact words that were used 
testified as follows: 
everyone can hear. You testified earlier that you're a 
Q. Is your testimony today based in part on those 
you a brief instruction. Some of the testimony that you'll 
that means that the witness will not be testifying solely 
If, however, you would like to hear the testimony 
testifying today. 
connection with your testimony today? 
You testified earlier that her birthday is in 
summer camp, and you testified that she provided them with 
Q. Now, you testified just a moment ago that yyy 
invisible. Was -- I believe that was your testimony? 
Q. Was that to the property you testified about 
Q. You testified that she began traveling to New York 
Q. You testified earlier that JJ was sexually 
Q. Now, you testified earlier that you reviewed 
QO. Turning to the next slide. You testified earlier 
QO. Am I correct that you testified earlier that in 
Q. Now, you testified that JJ sometimes flew on 
Q. You testified earlier about the time that Epstein 
QO. You testified earlier that just before she turned 
QO. Now, you testified earlier about your interviews 
Q. So just to be clear, is your testimony that he 
Q. Now, let me just pause here. You testified that 
Q. -- rephrase the questions. You testified that she 
Q. Now, you testified just a moment ago that she was 
0. Now, you testified just a moment ago that Maxwell 
Q. Now, you testified a moment ago that dl told 
Q. I believe you testified a moment ago that yyy 
sworn testimony in a civil deposition in connection with a 
deposition under oath where they testify about the substance 
Q. And is deposition testimony live and in person and 
testimony, I want to talk with you about the lawsuit that 
the testimony was about. Have you become aware that in or 
Q. On both days did she give testimony in Manhattan? 
the answer here Maxwell's testimony? 
Q. Just to be clear, you testified earlier that kz 
Q. And did you also testify earlier that Maxwell -- 
Q. Just to be clear, you testified earlier about two 
Q. And again, was this Maxwell giving testimony as 
part of the testimony under oath here in Manhattan? 
you testified earlier that 
And is it correct that you testified earlier that 
And did you also testify earlier that 
And did you also testify earlier that sex 
And did you also testify earlier that the 
your testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s you were not 
A. Maxwell's answer: "That is my testimony. That is 
Q. Just to be clear, is it correct that you testified 
Q. And did you also testify earlier that Maxwell was 
testimony that you've never given anybody a massage?" 
your testimony?" 
A. Maxwell's answer: "That is my testimony." 
your testimony?" 
QO. Just to be clear, as you testified earlier, is it 
Q. And when you testified about the documents that 
were you testifying to the exact words used or just the 
exhibits from last week, the transcript of the testimony you 
evidence. Only the testimony of the witnesses and the 
the testimony last week. You also heard testimony from FBI 
copy of the transcript of that testimony. It is up on the 
the civil case in which Maxwell gave deposition testimony on 
deposition testimony on July 22nd, 2016, under the same 
transcript from the testimony that Maxwell gave on 
Is it your testimony that in the 1990s and 
A. That is my testimony, that is 
your testimony that you've never given 
testified as follows: 
by others, and transcripts of testimony in other court and 
Q. Will your testimony today be based in part on 
testimony you are going to hear from Detective = will 
include hearsay. That means he is not going to testify only 
testifying about what other people have told him and what he 
indict the defendant, but if you want to hear testimony from 
you're a part of testified before a different grand jury 
testimony given by FBI Special Agent po before a 
Q. "Is your testimony today based in part on those 
eee testimony the same way it applies to 
Detective a testimony. 
testifying today." 
connection with your testimony today?" 
QO. "You testified earlier that her birthday was in 
summer camp and you testified that she provided them with 
Q. "Now you testified just a moment ago that E—| 
invisible -- was -- I believe that was your testimony?" 
"Was that to the property you testified about 
"You testified that she began travelling to 
QO. "You testified earlier that as was sexually 
Q. "Now you testified earlier that you reviewed 
Q. "Turning to the next slide. You testified earlier 
o. "Am I correct that you testified earlier that in 
QO. "Now, you testified that eae sometimes flew on 
QO. "You testified earlier about the time that Epstein 
Q. "You testified earlier, just before she turned 18, 
Q. "Now you testified earlier about your interviews 
Q. "So just to be clear, is your testimony that he 
Q. "Now let me just pause here. You testified that 
Q. “"Rephrase that question. You testified that she 
Q. "Now you testified just a moment ago that she was 
Q. "Now you've testified just a moment ago that 
Q. "Now you testified a moment ago that a told 
Q. "I believe you testified a moment ago that f= 
sworn testimony in a civil deposition in connection with a 
deposition, under oath, where they testify about the 
Q. "And is deposition testimony live, and in-person, 
testimony, I want to talk to you about the lawsuit that the 
testimony was about. Have you become aware that in or about 
Q. "On both days does she give testimony in 
is the answer here Maxwell's testimony?" 
"Just to be clear you testified earlier that | | 
"And did you also testify earlier that 
Cs “Just to be clear, you testified earlier about two 
Q. "And again, was this Maxwell giving testimony as 
part of the testimony under oath here in Manhattan?" 
clear you testified earlier that 
Q. “And is it correct you testified earlier that 
Q. "And did you also testify earlier that ee 
Q. "And did you also testify earlier that sex toys 
Q. "And did you also testify earlier that the FBI 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s you were not aware 
A. "'That is my testimony. That is correct.'" 
testified earlier that a and ita || told you that 
Q. "And did you also testify earlier that Maxwell was 
Q. "'Let's just tie that down. Is it your testimony 
A. "'That is my testimony.'" 
your testimony?'" 
Q. "Just to be clear, as you testified earlier, 
connection with your testimony today? 
Q. Will it assist you in testifying today? 
we'll use it as you testify. During the course of this 
Q. And is your testimony today based on both the 
Q. When you testified about conversations you had 
with others, or documents you reviewed, did you testify to 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: | 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
oF Is it your testimony that you’ve never given 
your testimony? 
-. That is my testimony. 
testimony? 
testimony 
testimony, t 
your testimony that you've never given 
massa is that your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
massage is your testimony? 
everyone can hear. You testified earlier that you're a 
Q. Is your testimony today based in part on those 
you a brief instruction. Some of the testimony that you'll 
that means that the witness will not be testifying solely 
If, however, you would like to hear the testimony 
testifying today. 
connection with your testimony today? 
Q. You testified earlier that her birthday is in 
summer camp, and you testified that she provided them with 
Q. Now, you testified just a moment ago that yj 
invisible. Was -- I believe that was your testimony? 
a. Was that to the property you testified about 
Q. You testified that she began traveling to New York 
Q. You testified earlier that J was sexually 
Q. Now, you testified earlier that you reviewed 
Q. Turning to the next slide. You testified earlier 
Q. Am I correct that you testified earlier that in 
GS. Now, you testified that eS sometimes flew on 
%. You testified earlier about the time that Epstein 
0 You testified eax er that just before she turned 
Q. Now, you testified earlier about your interviews 
Ge So just to be clear, is your testimony that he 
Q. Now, let me just pause here. You testified that 
Q. -- rephrase the questions. You testified that she 
Q. Now, you testified just a moment ago that she was 
Q. Now, you testified just a moment ago that Maxwell 
Q. Now, you testified a moment ago that J told 
I believe you testified a moment ago that are 
sworn testimony in a civil deposition in connection with a 
deposition under oath where they testify about the substance 
Q. And is deposition testimony live and in person and 
testimony, I want to talk with you about the lawsuit that 
the testimony was about. Have you become aware that in or 
Q. On both days did she give testimony in Manhattan? 
the answer here Maxwell's testimony? 
Q. dust to be clear, you testified earlier that yj 
Q. And did you also testify earlier that Maxwell —- 
Q. Just to be clear, you testified earlier about two 
Q. And again, was this Maxwell giving testimony as 
part of the testimony under oath here in Manhattan? 
Gi. Just to be clear, you testified earlier that 
Q. And is it correct that you testified earlier that 
Q. And did you also testify earlier that 
Q. And did you also testify earlier that sex toys 
Q. And did you also testify earlier that the FBI 
your testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s you were not 
A. Maxwell's answer: "That is my testimony. That is 
Q. Just to be clear, is it correct that you testified 
Q. And did you also testify earlier that Maxwell was 
testimony that you've never given anybody a massage?" 
your testimony?" 
A. Maxwell's answer: "That is my testimony." 
your testimony?" 
QO. Just to be clear, as you testified earlier, is it 
Q. And when you testified about the documents that 
were you testifying to the exact words used or just the 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given 
your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
testimony? 
testimony. 
whose testimony appears in the foregoing pages was duly sworn 
by me; that the testimony of said witness was reported by me 
form; that said deposition is a true record of the testimony 
was examined and testified as follows: 
issues in terms of testimony. 
Q -- shore up victim witness testimony, find new 
not want to testify, and -- and so, that conversation was 
testify differently. And I'm suggesting that it's important 
victims will testify in this particular case, but also what 
The sworn testimony of 9] EJ was taken 
and did report the sworn testimony. 
was examined and testified on his oath as follows: 
my shorthand notes of the testimony of __ 
and did report the sworn testimony. 
was examined and testified on her oath as follows: 
Q I know that you testified here a few weeks ago. 
Was there anything from that testimony that you wanted to 
Not interviewed, but she testified before the grand jury 
three or four months later, in July of 2006, she testified 
7 A Yes. According to other testimony we have 
testified to in the grand jury in July of 2006. Reading 
the testimony and listening to 
In her testimony with the grand jury with the 
we have in her testimony to the grand jury and her 
my shorthand notes of the testimony of Rina 
TESTIMONY 
The sworn testimony of SPECIAL AGENT E. 
testimony. 
that the testimony you give will be the 
testified about me. did Ss also report 
my stenotype notes of the testimony of 
2 TESTIMONY | 
The sworn testimony of SPECIAL AGENT 
testimony. 
that the testimony you give will be the 
viously testified abou 
attorney were concerned about her testimony here? 
17 testify and to provide other information before 
23 |refused to testify and provide other information 
of the United States Attorneys, the testimony and 
hot give testimony and provide other 
However, no testimony or other 
such testimony or other information may be used 
my stenotype notes of the testimony of 
TESTIMONY 
The sworn testimony of | 9 FRESE SS 
testimony. 
the foreperson, testified on her oath as follows: 
summarize briefly your previous testimony about her. 
From testimony we know that Timi went there 
you testified previously about the people who were 
also had testified previously about who was aboard the 
(The testimony of the witness was concluded 
shorthand notes of the testimony of fj esiit 
The sworn testimony of =. ii SE 
and did report the sworn testimony. 
was examined and testified on her oath as follows: 
Q In preparation for your testimony today, did you 
Q Has Mr. 9M) been qualified to testify as an 
testified about her? 
14 testified about her earlier before this grand jury, 
Q And she also testified before this grand jury, 
my shorthand notes of the testimony of = 
- 12 TESTIMONY, 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000369 
The sworn testimony of 3 HJ was 
testimony. 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000370 
the testimony yov give will be the } 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000371 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000372 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000373 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000374 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000375 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000376 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000377 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000378 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000380 
_ MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000381 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000382 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY -000383 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000384 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000385 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY -000386 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000387 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000388 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000389 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000390 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000391 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000392 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000393 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000394 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-00039 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000396 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000397 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000398 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000399 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000400 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000401 
my stenotype notes of the testimony of 
MM20-GJ TESTIMONY-000402 
TESTIMONY 
The sworn testimony of i. itm Tinie was taken 
testimony. 
the foreperson, testified on her oath as follows: 
the testimony of the girls has engaged in sexual 
21 material as well as testimony. 
(The witness was recalled to testify before 
(The testimony of the witness concluded 
transcript of my shorthand notes of the testimony of 
Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials 
Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials 
Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials 
could testify sometime between the afternoon of 12/1 and 12/3. Just to flag that, if we get him off the stand on 12/1 or 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
2021.11.11 U.S. v_ Ghislaine Maxwell Non-Testifying Witness Material (Defense).pdf,; 
addition, a supplemental production of testifying witness and non-testifying witness material and exhibits are also ready 
|__ 3802-002 | 2021.02.01 fTestimonydisclosure 20S 
testifying under pseudonyms, the Court explained that: 
permitting witnesses to testify using pseudonyms or first names includes an order barring 
other than co-defendants should they testify ....”). It would defeat the purpose of the Court’s 
their testimony. 
has authorized to testify using pseudonyms or their first names. 
testifying under pseudonyms, the Court explained that: 
permitting witnesses to testify using pseudonyms or first names includes an order barring 
other than co-defendants should they testify ....”). It would defeat the purpose of the Court’s 
their testimony. 
has authorized to testify using pseudonyms or their first names. 
Subject: RE: CBP Testimony 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] CBP Testimony 
| hope that this email finds you well. | understand that you are in need of CBP assistance — specifically testimony regarding 
our travel records prior to 2004. We have located an appropriate individual to testify and | would like to facilitate. If you 
testify under pseudonyms, and third parties. 
of the Federal Rules of Evidence, and no records custodian should be required to testify. The 
testify under pseudonyms, and third parties. 
of the Federal Rules of Evidence, and no records custodian should be required to testify. The 
expects each of the Minor Victims named in the subpoena to testify at trial. Accordingly, if the 
records to the Court before the Minor Victims actually testify for the sake of efficiency. 
Government expects the Minor Victims to testify to those amounts at trial. 
may be provided to the defense in the unlikely event that the Minor Victims testify inconsistently 
the EVCP, there is no reason to think their trial testimony will be biased in order to advance their 
would be entirely consistent for the victim to testify as much on the stand, and to tell the EVCP 
that omission. Similarly, if the defendant argues that the Minor Victims’ testimony was biased by 
Prepared for trial testimony previously undisclosed, clarifying, or different recollections 
We should have a production of additional non-testifying witness materials prepared to produce to you by the end of 
that you would be producing to us additional non-testifying 3500 material. When can we expect to receive that? 
MDC. If the additional non-testifying 3500 material is ready to be produced, please include that on the drive. 
testify on 12/9 or 12/10. We would like to have him fly in on the morning of 12/8 and out on the evening of 12/10. Also, 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
Testifying Witness Material Index (Defense Copy).pdf;: 
addition, a supplemental production of testifying witness and non-testifying witness material and exhibits are also ready 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of 
Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizabeth Loftus along with supporting documents. Pursuant to our 
testify on 12/8, but he could possible bleed over into 12/9. | need to prep with him on 12/7, and he’s not vaccinated, so 
we'll need to get him a COVID test before he can testify. Given that plan, Id like to have him fly in the evening of 12/6 and 
not know that is coming up to NY to testify. So would you please make sure tha stays at a hotel that is far 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
Prepared for trial testimony. Bas shown following GX and confirmed recognized: 
to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] 
Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizabeth Loftus along with supporting documents. Pursuant to our 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investig; Views, 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
not had the opportunity to testify in court in any 
A party seeking to obtain records or employee testimony from the Department must first 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
longer had a basis to assert his Fifth Amendment rights, Mr. Cosby testified at several depositions 
Are you testifying that you are 
9 Is it your testimony that in the 1990s and 
15 A. That is my testimony, that is 
10 massage is your testimony? 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
attack, the district court “may consider extrinsic evidence such as testimony and 
I understand I have the right to testify on my own behalf, but I cannot be compelled to be a witness against myself 
1 understand I have the right to call witnesses to testify in my behalf and to invoke the compulsory process of the 
“GEE ) testified that both Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 received letters describing their rights 
court, after receiving clear and convincing evidence, determines that testimony by the 
victim would be materially altered if the victim heard other testimony at that 
« We will need these materials for all witnesses, regardless of whether they are testifying or not, and 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY _wannanoseatHis 229d payor Dec., 2020 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF MY _wanoanosear tuts 22Md pay o¢ Dec., 2020 
IN TESTIMONY WHERE HAVE § 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS A7VA_ pay or 77M _2008 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: | 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given 
your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
testimony? 
in that matter. As you are aware, both Mr. Boies and Ms. IB were invited to testify at the 
retired general, and used testimony from two dead witnesses. 
=  Testified before the Parliamentary Enquiry into miscarriages of justice during the Outreau trial 
6. We request a written summary of any testimony that the government intends to 
falsify or distort his or her testimony. Pennsylvania v. Ritchie, 480 U.S. 39 (1987); 
to testify. I instruct you that each party had an equal opportunity or lack of opportunity to call 
as to what they would have testified to had they been called. Their absence should not affect your 
responses to requests for admission, deposition testimony, and other 
invoke her privilege against compulsory self-incrimination and agreed to testify at her April 
Count Six of the superseding indictment alleges that Maxwell provided false testimony 
when she testified during her July 2016 deposition that: (1) she could not recall whether sex toys 
forthcoming in giving testimony and less willing to settle their disputes.” S.E.C. v. 
expected frequently to refuse to testify pursuant to protective orders if their testimony were to be 
conviction when the government mischaracterized the substance of grand jury testimony). 
Subject: RE: Maxwell testifying witness 3500 
Subject: RE: Maxwell testifying witness 3500 
Subject: Maxwell testifying witness 3500 
Would you please save the attached pdfs in the respective witness and 3500 folders for the testifying witnesses in each 
compel the production of documentary evidence or the testimony of witnesses, as it deems 
aware. Accordingly, the ordinary exercise of grand jury power to “subpoena witnesses to testify, 
regardless of whether they have already testified or furnished documentary evidence in civil 
that the government could not meet its burden of showing need for deposition testimony until it 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY _wannanoseatHis 229d payor Dec., 2020 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF MY _wanoanosear tuts 22Md pay o¢ Dec., 2020 
IN TESTIMONY our HAND ANB-SEAL THIS QG__ pay or March 2017 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS A7VA_ pay oF 7/4/2008. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 2 DAY OF Dec, +2013. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF 1 HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS A 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS | a DAY Foy 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS | L DAY ad -, 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS L DAY “a -, 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS | Ee DAY OF . 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS B DAY OF) ¥ , 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 30 DAY OF, sy 2011, 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS AO DAY ORYpr 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS AO DAY Spr 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THS3.0O DAY Ok, ., 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 4, Dd DAY Rpt” 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY-HAND AND SEAL THIS 30 ™ DAY O6, pp» 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 20 ™ DAY OF, ., 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS =. 2"" DAY OF JUNE, 2011. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 13 "DAY OF DEC., 2010 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 1°" DAY OF OCT., 2010. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 26™ DAY OF AUG., 2010. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 50'™ DAY OF Nov., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 16™ OF FEB., 2010. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 4 ™ DAY OF. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS /9™ DAY OF Jay... 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS ¢ 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 6™ OF NOV., 2009. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 20" OF JULY, 2009. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 7™ OF JULY, 2009. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS): ™ DAY O Ply 2009. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS UL. ™" DAY OF MAY, 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS | 9 DAY OF My 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 8" OF JAN., 2009. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS /.2°" DAY OF SEPT., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS. 18" OF AUG., 2008. 
| IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 3° oF Twré, 2008. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 2°7™ DAY OF MAY, 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 27" DAY OF MAY, 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS DAY OF MAY, 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 2'7™ DAY OF MAY, 
& IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS’ 6™ OF DEC., 2007. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS DAY OF MAR.., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 28™ OF FEB., 2007. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 29" OF AUG., 2006. _ 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 13™ DAY OF DEC., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 23®° DAY OF SEPT., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 25™ OF JULY, 2005. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 157 OF MAY, 2005. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 19™ DAY OF APR., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 12™ DAY OF APR., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 6 ™ DAY OF APR., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 6 ™ DAY OF APR., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 27™ DAY OF DEC., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS _27™ OF JAN., 2005. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 20™ DAY OF DEC., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | Hi MY HAND AND SEA o™! OF DEC., 2004. | 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 10™ DAY OF DEC., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF 1 Hg : TH OF DEC., 2004. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE STOFDE7-, 2004. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 27™ OF SEPT., 2004. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 9"" OF JULY, 2004. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 26™ OF MAR., 2004. _| 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 17™ DAY OF NOV., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS30 ™ OF SEPT., 2003. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 25°" DAY OF APR., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 19™ DAY OF MAR., 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL THIS 19™ OF MAR., 2003. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS 15th pay or January 2001 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS 31St pay or December, 2001 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THs 25th pay or September 2001 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS 16th pay or March 2001 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS 2Nd Day or February 2001 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS 3 |——pay or January 2001 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS ite pay or January 2001 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THISZ2G _ Day oF December 2000 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS 1St Day or May 2000 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THis 30th pay or December 1999 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS 15th pay or December 1999 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THis 7th pay or December 1999 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THis 29th pay or November 1999 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS 23rd pay of November 1999 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIS 19th pay or November 1999 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIs 19th pay or November 1999 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF WE HAVE SET OUR HAND AND SEAL THIs 2nd pay or November 1999 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF we HAVE SET our HAND AND SEAL THIS 29 
course, those witnesses who do testify at trial would be subject to examination on the record as to 
In my earlier review of some of the old Epstein 302s and grand jury testimony, | identified the below names as potentially 
In my earlier review of some of the old Epstein 302s and grand jury testimony, | identified the below names as potentially 
testimony and that the discovery produced to date has included only a “small number of 
testimony. According to the Government, and as reflected in the indictment, it is anticipated that 
evidence, including flight records and other witnesses’ corroborating testimony, will further 
support the main witnesses’ testimony and link the Defendant to Epstein’s conduct. Gov't 
evidence and witnesses’ testimony would not be 
attributable to suppressed evidence; (2) testimony 
defendant’s boat, and witnesses’ testimony, even 
@ Explanation of Testimony on 
Testimony regarding statutory maximum 
money laundering conspiracy, testimony that 
money laundering conspiracy, — testimony 
limine seeking to preclude testimony at trial on 
Brady, of witness’ grand jury testimony: General 
and, although witness’ testimony indicated “Adverse spousal testimony privilege” gives 
of defendant, Brady materiality determination right not to testify against his spouse. 
Criminal Law Only testifying spouse can assert adverse 
® Sound recordings spousal testimony privilege. 
testimony based on _ confidential marital 
7) Criminal Law adverse spousal testimony privilege, government 
spousal testimony privilege was threshold 
testimony demonstrated detailed recall of facts 
testimony by Yvette Gifford regarding aliases, the 
challenged testimony by Saberhagen is based on 
(1994). The Delapena Grand Jury testimony does not 
Richard Messino makes her testimony material. But a 
court will not order production of the Delapena testimony. 
Similarly, Maleki’s testimony need not be produced by 
the government. The court’s inspection of the testimony 
threshold issue of whether the adverse spousal testimony 
not to testify against his or her spouse. See United States 
testimony privilege will not apply: first, Pamela Messino 
adverse spousal testimony privilege is a threshold matter. 
when his nontestifying codefendant’s confession naming 
paraphrased snippet of testimony from a witness about 
conclusions by lay witnesses, and (2) testimony of 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given 
your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
testimony? 
\\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\!Trial\3500\1. Testifying\Production 3\3524 I 
they are when they testify the more plausible Epstein's argument becomes. 
The grand jury we are using will expire soon. We have already presented more than a dozen hours of testimony and the 
anywhere in the world,” she testified. “He is used to exerting control over all the people 
testified in no unclear terms that there was never any discussion over the phone about her coming over to Mr. Epstein’s 
at 15. Second, the underage women who visited Mr. Epstein have testified that they lied about their age in order to gain 
Ms. {BM was highly critical of the overreaching by federal law enforcement officers in this case. She testified—in no 
testimony and Detective own rendition of that testimony in his reports and/or search 
him a massage. That fact is confirmed by, among other things, testimony that “he 
family seeking $50 million from Mr. Epstein, their testimony against Mr. Epstein is per se suspect. 
But, despite their obvious incentive to harm Mr. Epstein, their testimony actually confirms his 
innocence. Ms. , for instance, has testified that Ms. who introduced her to Mr. 
, who was introduced to Mr. Epstein by Ms. , testified in her federal sworn interview 
The conduct of | is likewise illustrative of “mutually corroborating” testimony 
The investigation and testimony in this case makes clear that Mr. Epstein did not use any 
ee ay was clear on this point at her deposition during which she repeatedly testified that 
testified that 1) she never engaged in sexual activity with Mr. Epstein; 2) she never even met or 
their testimony that are necessarily sensationalized and fictionalized. We presented 
conference that they lied to Mr. Epstein about their ages. Numerous witnesses testified 
o The defense has confirmed examples of women who testified that they were not 
confronted with the testimony of a women who denied both being a victim and 
incurring personal injury, Ms. actually acknowledged such testimony. 
review that is based on the transcripts of witness testimony themselves so that the reviewer can 
testified that they were actually under 18 have ifically admitted to systematically lying to 
often, as confirmed by the masseuses’ own testimony, several individuals who were contacted by 
“routine and habit” will also not fit the facts of this case. The witness testimony at issue makes 
matter would be inappropriate. This testimony taken to date categorically confirms that (i) Mr. 
they testify the more plausible epstein's argument becomes. 
The grand jury we are using will expire soon. We have already presented more than a dozen hours of testimony and the grand jury ts 
they testify the more plausible epstein's argument becomes. 
The grand jury we are using will expire soon. We have already presented more than a dozen hours of testimony and the grand jury ts 
subpoena, AUSA EE directs (Mo appear on July 1, 2008 to give testimony 
testimony of witnesses so as to reach a conclusion of guilt. Our contention is reinforced by the 
fact that key prosecution witnesses have provided evidence and testimony that directly 
enhance their testimony, in order to maximize their opportunities to obtain financial recompense. The 
time, | still intend to present Ms. ean testimony to the grand jury on Tuesday. With respect to the 
executed. Since this would seem to obviate any need for Ms. meee to testify, please let me know what is going on 
anticipated testimony, I believe that the more prudent course will be to question Ms. [J to determine the 
me with a written proffer that summarizes her anticipated testimony and explains how she will be exposed to 
Ms. _ will need to appear before the grand jury on July 1°‘ to give testimony. Please contact my 
GEE testimony will begin either in the late morning or early afternoon, but she should be available for 
After hearing four weeks of testimony, the jurors deadlocked on eight counts, including illegal gathering and 
On the witness stand, C.I.A. employees — who testified under pseudonyms or only first names — publicly 
this,” testified a C.I.A. employee, who used the pseudonym Jeremy Weber. 
The testimony revealed the scramble inside C.!.A. headquarters when the files leaked. Sean Roche, a top C.I.A. official at 
Harbor,” he testified. 
resignation letter accused the agency of “deep injustices and illegal behavior,” witnesses testified. 
conversation, an F.BI. agent testified. 
After hearing four weeks of testimony, the jurors deadlocked on eight counts, including illegal gathering and 
On the witness stand, C.I.A. employees — who testified under pseudonyms or only first names — publicly 
this,” testified a C.l.A. employee, who used the pseudonym Jeremy Weber. 
The testimony revealed the scramble inside C.I.A. headquarters when the files leaked. Sean Roche, a top C.I.A. official at 
Harbor,” he testified. 
resignation letter accused the agency of “deep injustices and illegal behavior,” witnesses testified. 
conversation, an F.BI. agent testified. 
production (which consisted of 5GB of non-testifying witness 3500) along with our protective order, with the hopes that 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
- calling in connection with ij allegation / testimony released in the civil papers 
Amendment and refused to testify when civilly deposed, respectively, in 
responses to requests for admission, deposition testimony, and other 
I met with and I need time to evaluate matters. Regarding the subpoena to testify before the 
I met with and | need time to evaluate matters. Regarding the subpoena to testify before the 
I met wit and | need time to evaluate matters. Regarding the subpoena to testify before the 
the compelling testimony of DI D7 777i, “ho 
testified that they fear for their safety and the safety of 
Attachments: Stipulation[J Trial Testimony.DOCX 
a “true and accurate copy of the transcript of one witness's trial testimony, but not the full trial transcript, given on 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
parameters or scope of her testimony. 
That will be produced on a hard drive to you. In addition, a supplemental production of testifying witness and non- 
testifying witness material and exhibits are also ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter 
and indices. Those materials will be on the hard drive as well. We will also produce the testifying witness and non- 
testifying witness material and exhibits via USAfx. 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
(1) while testifying; or 
(2) before testifying, if the court decides that justice requires the party to 
witness's testimony. If the producing party claims that the writing includes 
witness's testimony or--if justice so requires--declare a mistrial. 
that relates to the subject matter of the witness's testimony.”). 
Attachments: StipulationJ Trial Testimony.PDF 
a “true and accurate copy of the transcript of one witness's trial testimony, but not the full trial transcript, given on 
Attached please find a letter motion to file a reply in support of the Government's motion to preclude the testimony of Dr. 
of the Government's motion to preclude the testimony of Dr. Ryan Hall. Among other issues, the 
Government on November 8, 2021, filed a motion to partially preclude the testimony of Dr. 
testimony of the remaining six experts. The Defense filed a response on November 19, 2021. 
Federal Rule of Evidence 702 governs the admissibility of expert testimony. That rule 
education may testify in the form of an opinion or otherwise if: 
(b) the testimony is based on sufficient facts or data; 
(c) the testimony is the product of reliable principles and methods; and 
testimony. Restivo v. Hessemann, 846 F.3d 547, 575 (2d Cir. 2017). To determine whether an 
Defense “must... give to the government a written summary of any testimony that the 
unexpected expert testimony, reduce the need for continuances, and to provide the opponent with 
a fair opportunity to test the merit of the expert’s testimony through focused cross-examination.” 
16, a notice must not merely describe the “general topics” on which experts will testify but 
(“Merely identifying the general topics about which the expert will testify is insufficient; rather, 
When a disclosure merely lists general topics on which the expert might testify, the Second 
witnesses’ testimony, not their qualifications or the reliability of their methods under Rule 702. 
“whether expert testimony proffered in the case is sufficiently tied to the facts of the case that it 
The Government moves to exclude the testimony of Bennett Gershman in its entirety. As 
misconduct.” Notice at 12. The Defense expects that he will testify “on best practices to ensure 
expected testimony is irrelevant. At the November | pretrial conference, the Court ruled that it 
expected topics of Gershman’s testimony—investigation, witness preparation, media contact, 
crimes charged. In short, this testimony would run afoul of the instruction that the jury will 
The Court notes that a court in this district recently excluded Gershman’s testimony in a 
request to admit an expert to testify about government investigative techniques. The Court 
Second, even if Gershman’s testimony was relevant, Rule 403 prejudice would 
Gershman’s testimony would be likely to confuse the jury by suggesting that the Government’s 
satisfy Rule 16. The Defense has listed only the general topics on which Gershman will testify, 
testimony. Therefore, even if Rules 401 and 403 were satisfied, the Court would exclude 
Gershman’s testimony because the Defense has not yet satisfied Rule 16. 
testimony. Because this is a preliminary pre-trial ruling, it is possible that facts and 
2021.11.19 Maxwell Response to Gov Motion to Preclude Expert Testimony [propose 
consulting with us and potentially testifying at the trial. Would it be possible to schedule a call to discuss? 
testifying under the pseudonym “Jane”) 
(testifying under the pseudonym i) 
witnesses will testify at trial. The Government notes, however, that this order may change, 
witnesses, including witnesses whom the Court has authorized to testify using pseudonyms or their 
other (testifying under the pseudonym . 
* The Government previously indicated that this witness would testify under the pseudonym 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Supplemental letter regarding ie testimony 
Please see attached letter regarding Mr. Ij anticipated testimony. 
Subject: Emails/Notes RE testifying 
637 F.2d 95, 102 (2d Cir.1980) (challenged testimony “smack[ed] of nothing more than casual 
with respect to any acts committed or statements made during or . fter the meeting or testimony 
Client testify; and (c) the Government may also use statements ma je by Client at the meeting to 
approximate age but if not maybe who they are, why they are testifying, city or state they are from? is 
Below is the list of potential testifying witnesses as discussed. Please run rap sheets as discussed. Do you think you could 
Is GE testifying as a custodian for a particular company/organization? 
approximate age but if not maybe who they are, why they are testifying, city or state they are from? 
Below is the list of potential testifying witnesses as discussed. Please run rap sheets as discussed. Do you think you 
interview information may later be used as testimony or evidence in court 
of Maxwell’s deposition testimony. Indeed, under the plain terms of the Protective Order, 
government’s request, “holding that the deposition testimony had been given in reliance upon the 
the witnesses were under no compulsion to testify, and having given testimony, they voluntarily 
testimony in civil litigation, thus undermining a procedural system that has been 
witnesses might be expected frequently to refuse to testify pursuant to protective 
orders if their testimony were to be made available to the government for criminal 
inspect protected testimony for possible use in a criminal investigation, either as 
material and testimony to a state grand jury. /d. at 862. The district court granted the Attorney 
(“The grand jury cannot require a witness to testify against himself.”). The subpoena i 
incriminating testimony Po 
Boyd, 116 U.S. at 634-35. Even if the subpoena does not literally require Maxwell to “testify 
because the government could not use her testimony against her—or at least could not do so 
without notice and an opportunity to be heard—only to find out that the testimony she offered 
would preserve” the confidentiality of her testimony. And even though Maxwell had not been 
include information about which numerous witnesses are expected to testify at trial, include 
those materials could influence witness testimony at trial, or enable witnesses to change or shape 
their testimony. Premature disclosure of these records and/or the information contained therein 
could reasonably be expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony at trial and/or allow 
witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence. 
expected to testify at trial, as well as information and documents authored by potential trial 
some of the dates in between, will be the subject of witness testimony at the Noel trial. In 
potential testimony at trial, allow witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence, 
or influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
Epstein’s death, may be trial exhibits, the subject of witness testimony, or were prepared by 
witnesses who will testify at trial. Premature disclosure of these materials could reasonably be 
expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony at trial, allow witnesses to alter their 
testimony to conform to other evidence, or influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness 
testimony or evidence. Alternatively, if evidence of Epstein’s July 23, 2019 suicide attempt or 
of Epstein prepared by BOP may be trial exhibits, the subject of witness testimony, and/or were 
prepared by witnesses who will testify at trial. Premature disclosure of these records could 
influence the testimony of potential witnesses, including by potentially causing them to alter or 
confirm their testimony. In addition, premature disclosure of these records could reasonably be 
be trial exhibits, the subject of witness testimony, and/or were prepared by witnesses who will 
testify at trial. Premature disclosure of these materials could reasonably be expected to influence 
witnesses’ potential testimony at trial, allow witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to 
other evidence, and/or influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
SHU prepared by BOP may be a trial exhibit, the subject of witness testimony, and/or was 
prepared by witnesses who will testify at trial. Premature disclosure of this record could 
reasonably be expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony at trial and/or allow witnesses 
to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence. 
subject of witness testimony at the Noel trial. Their disclosure could influence witness 
testimony, including by allowing witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence, 
or influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. Alternatively, as 
testimony at the Noel trial. Their disclosure could influence witness testimony, including by 
allowing witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence, or influence potential 
jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. Alternatively, as described above, if 
the anticipated content of witness testimony. More detailed public descriptions could also 
Tartaglione Records could reasonably be expected to influence witness testimony and/or 
potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
witness testimony or jurors’ perceptions, if records are released in part or without full context. 
numerous witnesses are expected to testify at trial, details that are not publicly known or known 
reasonably be expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony at trial and/or enable 
witnesses to alter or shape their testimony to conform to other evidence. 
expected to testify at trial, as well as information and documents prepared by potential trial 
2019, will be the subject of trial testimony at the Noe/ trial. 7(A) Returned Records containing 
prematurely could reasonably be expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony at trial, 
allow witnesses to alter or shape their testimony to conform to other evidence, identify potential 
testimony or evidence. 
witnesses’ potential testimony at trial, allow witnesses to alter or shape their testimony to 
influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
10, 2019, will be the subject of witness testimony at the Noe/ trial. 7(A) Returned Records 
materials prematurely could reasonably be expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony 
at trial, allow witnesses to alter or shape their testimony to conform to other evidence, and/or 
influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
subject of witness testimony, and/or were prepared by witnesses who will testify at trial. 7(A) 
Premature disclosure of these records could influence the testimony of potential witnesses, 
including by potentially causing them to alter or shape their testimony to conform to other 
witness testimony, and/or were prepared by witnesses who will testify at trial. 7(A) Returned 
testimony at trial, allow witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence, and/or 
influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
testimony of numerous victims, and this case presents the very real possibility that he will go to 
all of this evidence — the voluminous and credible testimony of individuals who were sexually 
to testify because she felt they were still friends. 
by significant evidence, including victim and witness testimony 
by significant evidence, including victim and witness testimony 
testimony was sought concerning her personal knowledge and role in Epstein’s abuse of ic, 
fact, however, within weeks of using that excuse to avoid testifying, Maxwell had returned to 
and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
« In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
« In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
e In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
our productions of non-testifying witness statements. 
and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
e In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
recording to you as part of our productions of non-testifying witness statements. 
GPS data, and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying 
In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no 
to you containing the contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are 
¢ EER is the same person as I, a potential testifying witness. Could you please move those 
-Could you please move the J EJ folder to the potential testifying witness folder, and if possible could you 
¢ EE is the same person as I, a potential testifying witness. Could you please move those 
- ER, GE is the same persons as I, EE who is a testifying witness. Would you please move the 
¢ HES BM is the same person as J EE, a potential testifying witness. Could you please move those 
a witness has testified. United States v. Skelos, No. 1S-CR-317 (KMW), 2018 WL 2254538, at 
too, the theory that the rest of the journal contradicts Minor Victim-2’s anticipated testimony as 
testimony. 
Minor Victim-2 is expected to testify at trial, does not establish any relevance except as to 
testimony. Moreover, it is entirely speculative and unsubstantiated. Maxwell provides no actual 
again Maxwell’s arguments sound in impeachment of anticipated authentication testimony. For 
testimony or whether it will implicate the photographs. 
is expected to testify to that fact at trial. (See Govt Omnibus Response, Dkt. No. 204 at 187 (citing 
defendant] of his right to a fair trial, in part, because he could not testify about the diary without 
waiving his right not to testify”); United States v. Rios, No. 88 Cr. 186, 1989 WL 9289, at *2 
testimony, shrouded again in a conclusory claim about the need for authentication. For 
Subject: RE: testifying witness notes 
Subject: RE: testifying witness notes 
Subject: testifying witness notes 
Would you please save the attached pdf in J testifying witness 3500 folder and in his witness folder on the 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
Testimony of Three Witnesses 
the government’s proffer that the testimony of the three accusers would be corroborated by 
the testimony of the three accusers. The government’s case against Ms. Maxwell therefore rests 
counts (Counts Two and Four) are based on the testimony of only one witness, Minor Victim-1, 
Instead, they will testify only that “both [Ms. Maxwell] and Epstein knew and interacted with certain minor victims 
from any witness who testified before the grand jury, or their counsel, or 
potential government witness’s testimony, including known 
government of what the client would be able to provide by way of testimony” and 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, Maxwell 
two, non-exclusive potential topics of her testimony. The Government advised that she will 
testify about, “among other things, [i] certain [unspecified] documentary evidence relating to the 
evidence the Rule contemplates. What "documentary evidence" will she testify about? What 
what purpose will she testify to it? Are there other topics covered by the language "among other 
their change of heart and to rebut allegations of sandbagging. Unforeseen turns of testimony at 
Indictment or any other testifying witness, nor (b) any of the legal allegations contained in the 
timing of her stated employment, it also begs the question how her testimony, reference to 
research, her testimony will concern the workings of human memory, the effects of suggestion 
suggestion, influence or the like. She will also testify about the characteristics of false and/or 
evaluations of allegations of sexual victimization. He has testified as an expert witness in 
forensic psychiatry on hundreds of occasions, including testimony in criminal matters in federal 
His testimony may include, but will not be limited to, the following: 
Although the Government’s Expert Notice regarding Dr. Rocchio’s proposed testimony 
Other opinions put forth in the disclosure of Dr. Rocchio’s proposed testimony also rest 
We expect Professor Gershman to provide testimony on best practices to ensure the 
and AME. His curriculum vitae is attached. Exhibit H. Mr. Kelso has previously testified in 
We anticipate that Mr. Kelso will testify about the user data associated with certain 
photographs. He may also testify generally about computer forensic principles associated with 
the limits to the information that can be gleaned from the metadata. Mr. Kelso may testify in 
rebuttal to any testimony offered by the government through Stephen Flatley. As trial 
It is expected that Mr. Lopez will testify about his review of certain financial records 
Investigative and Forensic Sciences. He has testified as an expert witness in numerous cases and 
seek to have them analyzed and present testimony on the analysis as needed. 
offer the proposed testimony. Nevertheless, we hereby notice Mr. Lopez as a potential expert 
and present testimony on the analysis as needed. 
testimony and other evidence presented during the government’s case-in-chief. The defense also 
testimony Ms. Maxwell reserves the right to identify and rebut this testimony after the close of 
choose between testifying in a civil matter and asserting [her] Fifth Amendment privilege." Louis 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given 
your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
testimony? 
Organizer: testimony hi 
From: testimony &lt; gt; 
To: testimony; iS ; is 
Federal Rule of Evidence 702 governs the admissibility of expert testimony. That rule 
education may testify in the form of an opinion or otherwise if: 
(b) the testimony is based on sufficient facts or data: 
(c) the testimony is the product of reliable principles and methods: and 
testimony. Restivo v. Hessemann, 846 F.3d 547, 575 (2d Cir. 2017). To determine whether an 
opinions of Dr. Rocchio’s testimony, which the Government did here in a timely manner. See 
involved the distinct situation where a district court excluded expert testimony because the notice 
addition to her teaching. Given these papers, and her credible and extensive hearing testimony, 
concludes that Dr. Rocchio’s anticipated testimony is admissible with one exception. The Court 
will address first why Dr. Rocchio’s testimony is admissible and then address the one opinion 
reason that several courts in this circuit have admitted the testimony of similar experts, such as 
testimony on so-called trauma bonding to explain why prostitutes may not flee from their pimps 
even when not physically restrained. In United States v. Kidd, the court admitted the testimony, 
263. Identical testimony was admitted by Judge Furman in United States v. Dupigny, No. 18- 
adequate basis for her to testify on methods that perpetrators of sexual abuse often use to build 
identifying points of agreement and disagreement. Based on her testimony, the parties” 
For the reasons Judge Engelmayer gave—which Dr. Rocchio echoed in her testimony— 
perpetrators themselves. This argument overlooks the fact that, as she testified, Dr. Rocchio also 
testimony is the effect that grooming behaviors have on the minor, not the perpetrator’s mental 
has explained, expert testimony cannot “constitute evaluations of witness credibility”—that is, 
expert testimony is inadmissible if it “comment[s] directly, under the guise of expert opinion, on 
the credibility of trial testimony from” specific fact witnesses. Nimely, 414 F.3d at 398. 
knowledge and common sense,’ no expert testimony is warranted.” Edmondson v. RCI Hosp. 
F.3d 91, 101 (2d Cir. 2001) (explaining that “the district court should not admit testimony that is 
these elements of Dr. Rocchio’s testimony relevant to matters the Defense intends to put in issue 
average person,” and so appropriate for expert testimony. United States v. Felder, 993 F.3d 57, 
The Defense argues that Dr. Rocchio’s testimony is not relevant because the Government 
represents that she will testify only to general principles and not offer “testimony regarding any 
explained above regarding the Second Circuit’s Nimely decision, an expert may not testify as to a 
similar testimony, Dr. Rocchio’s testimony is appropriate because she does not testify as to any 
*7; Johnson, 860 F.3d at 1140 (8th Cir. 2017) (explaining that an expert may testify “regarding 
“whether expert testimony proffered in the case is sufficiently tied to the facts of the case that it 
Third, the probative value of Dr. Rocchio’s testimony is not substantially outweighed by 
403 prejudice to Ms. Maxwell. The Court finds that Dr. Rocchio’s testimony would not unduly 
aside, the Court agrees with this narrower objection to Dr. Rocchio’s testimony. As discussed at 
grooming. Moreover, as the Government explains, Dr. Rocchio’s testimony is still relevant 
The Court therefore denies the Defense’s motion to exclude Dr. Rocchio’s testimony 
Testifying\Production 11 
Testifying\Production 11 
testify under her own name (and has testified under her own name at the prior bail hearings). 
In accordance with the previously provided court order, any victim or witness testifying under a pseudonym should not 
*OFF-THE-RECORD, AND FOR GUIDANCE ONLY: Several of the government’s anticipated witnesses will be testifying in 
Court’s order that certain witnesses be permitted to testify or be referred to by first name only or 
government’s evidence will consist of the testimony of witnesses as well as 
does present a defense case, the defense witnesses will testify, and the government 
What, then, is evidence? Evidence consists only of the testimony of 
Third, testimony that I have excluded or told you to disregard is not 
There is no formula to evaluate testimony or exhibits. For now, suffice it to 
the testimony from each of the witnesses and the exhibits that are received in 
witness’s testimony based on all of the circumstances. Again, I cannot emphasize 
that is said in the courtroom and any portion of the testimony can be read back to 
that has a HEPA filter, and they will remove their mask to testify when we have 
witnesses testify. The lawyer who will be questioning them and the lawyer during 
Subject: FW: Supplemental letter regarding [J testimony 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Supplemental letter regarding JJ testimony 
Please see attached letter regarding Mr. Ij anticipated testimony. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I Have set MY HAND ANB-SEAL THIS 2Y™ payor MARCH 2016 
In testimony whereof, I have set my signature this 30" daw of Ape! 2012. 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF HAND AND SEAL THIS 30" ay of OE “AS 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I HAVE SET MY HAND AND SEAL, THIS 3RD DAYOF JUNE __, 1999 
its 3500 material, including more than 8,000 pages of testifying witness disclosures. It will 
should therefore be ordered to appear and give testimony, and the Government should disclose to 
via sworn testimony.” The exculpatory value of the video footage -- i.e. efforts made by Mr. 
witness testimony explaining the apparent loss of this evidence is necessary and appropriate. 
Testimony of Three Witnesses 
the government’s proffer that the testimony of the three accusers would be corroborated by 
the testimony of the three accusers. The government’s case against Ms. Maxwell therefore rests 
counts (Counts Two and Four) are based on the testimony of only one witness, Minor Victim-1. 
Instead, they will testify only that “both [Ms. Maxwell] and Epstein knew and interacted with certain minor victims 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
a. a= is expected to testify, based on her relevant education, training, experience, 
individuals can facilitate the sexual abuse of minors. J. P| is also expected to testify that 
| | aa testimony regarding any specific victim. 
8. BE ¢xpected testimony relies on her education and training on psychological 
witness that the defendant intends to rely upon, including a written summary of any testimony that 
| | Een has previously testified in state court and has been deposed in the course of federal 
and state litigation. As a courtesy, a list of that testimony is also being produced to you today 
statements of witnesses she will call to testify, including expert witnesses. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 
will call to testify. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 26.2; United States v. Nobles, 422 U.S. 225 (1975). We 
jury subpoenas, and others may be meeting with us in lieu of testifying before the grand jury. We can advise if we believe 
(including prospective grand jury testimony). 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
deposition testimony, that would be a huge help as well: 
e The cover page of both days of testimony (so the caption and date shows) 
Q. I want to be sure that I’m clear. Is it your testimony that 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given anybody a 
testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your testimony? 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
with respect to any acts committed or statements made during or after the meeting or testimony 
Client testify; and (c) the Government may also use statements made by Client at the meeting to 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
As | mentioned, attached is a trial subpoena. If we end up needing you to testify, I'll be in touch in late-October to talk 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
there have been efforts by certain witnesses to conform their testimony to the public 
investigation by, inter alia, arranging for interviews and testimony of certain New York 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
Subject: RE: Expert Testimony 
Subject: RE: Expert Testimony 
Subject: Fwd: Expert Testimony 
Subject: Re: Expert Testimony 
testify as an expert witness at trial. Are you available for a call tomorrow or next week to discuss? 
o Does not believe that he will be citing any inmate testimony 
Sorry for my late response. | have been out of the office all week. | can testify if need be. Let me know if you need 
Thanks, oe We'd like to identify a records custodian who could testify, in the event that it would be necessary. 
We'd like someone to sign an affidavit for now, but we'd also like to identify someone who could testify at trial if need be. 
to” witnesses who are expected to testify at trial, and for whom the Government has various 
subpoenas for records are quite unlike subpoenas for trial testimony: they can be made returnable 
for trial testimony. 
STE ANE-2ES0SS-2A Vel. 8 48 Grand Jury Testimony audio files dated 7/19/2006 (media 
Subject: Expert Testimony 
We would be interested in speaking with you about your availability to testify as an expert witness at trial. Are you 
because we would be interested in speaking with J about potentially testifying at trial. Would it be possible to 
research on children's testimony and child abuse. I have also been quoted in numerous newspaper and 
Children's Eyewitness Testimony 
Effects of Criminal Court Testimony on Child Sexual Assault Victims 
Child Sexual and Physical Abuse: Children's Testimony and 
Impact of Courtroom Practices on Children's Testimony and Jurors’ Reactions 
Emotional Effects of Courtroom Testimony on Child Victims: 
testimony. I have also co-chaired an APA Division 41 Task Force on Child Abuse and a Division 7 Task 
large number of grant-related projects. In addition, I have given invited testimony before legislative 
Goodman, G. S. (1984). Children's testimony in historical perspective. Journal of Social Issues, 40(2), 9-32. 
Goodman, G. S., Hepps, D., & Reed, R. S. (1986). The child victim's testimony. In A. Haralambie (Ed.), 
Goodman, G. S., & Reed, R. S. (1986). Age differences in eyewitness testimony. Law and Human Behavior, 
Goodman, G. S., & Hahn, A. (1987). Evaluating eyewitness testimony. In 1. Weiner & A. Hess (Eds.), 
stand: Jurors' perceptions of children's eyewitness testimony. Law and Human Behavior, 11, 27-40. 
testimony. In S. Ceci, M. Toglia, & D. Ross (Eds.), Children's eyewitness memory (pp. 1-23). New 
The child in court: A preliminary report on the emotional effects of criminal court testimony on 
perceived credibility. In S. Ceci, D. Ross, & M. Toglia (Eds.), Perspectives on children's testimony (1- 
ecological validity in the study of children’s eyewitness testimony. In R. Fivush & J. Hudson 
and the emotional effects on children of testifying in court. In K. Oates (Ed.), Understanding and 
Pipe, M. E., & Goodman, G. S. (1991). Elements of secrecy: Implications for children's testimony. 
children's testimony. Developmental Psychology, 27, 1-26. 
Goodman, G. S., & Clarke-Stewart, A. (1991). Suggestibility in children's testimony: Implications for 
Goodman, G. S. (1991). Stress and children's testimony: Commentary on Peters. In J. Doris (Ed.), The 
cognitive, social, and emotional factors on children's testimony. In R. Flin & H. Dent (Eds.), 
Testifying in criminal court: Emotional effects on child sexual assault victims. Monographs of the 
children's testimony. NY: Guilford Publishers, Inc. 
Understanding and improving children's testimony (pp. 301-330). NY: Guilford Publishers, Inc. 
Goodman, G. S. (1993). Understanding and improving children's testimony. Children Today, 22, 13-15, 32. 
Goodman, G. S., Batterman, J., & Kenney, R. (1993). Optimizing children's testimony: Research and 
Whitcomb, D., Goodman, G. S., Runyan, D. K., & Hoak, S. (1994). The emotional effects of testifying on 
Bottoms, B. L., & Goodman, G. S. (1994). Evaluation of children's testimony: Factors influencing the jury. 
testimony. Child Development Abstracts and Bibliography, 68, 101-102. 
jurors’ perceptions. In M. Zaragoza, J. Graham, & G. Hall (Eds.), Memory and testimony in the child 
testimony.) 
testimony. Newbury Park, CA: Sage. 
Bottoms, B. L., & Goodman, G. S. (Eds.). (1996). International perspectives on children’s testimony. 
Practical implications for children’s interviews and courtroom testimony. Pacific Law Review, 28, 
testimony and jurors’ decisions. Law and Human Behavior, 22, 165-203. (Reprinted in R. Bull [Ed.]. 
eyewitness testimony in adults and children. In 1. Weiner & A. Hess (Eds.), Handbook of forensic 
Bidrose, S., & Goodman, G. S. (2000). Testimony and evidence: A scientific case study of memory for child 
in children’s testimony: Factfinders’ abilities to reach the truth in open court and closed-circuit 
Ghetti, S., Schaaf, J., Qin, J. J., & Goodman, G. S. (2004). Eyewitness testimony. In W. O’Donohue, D. 
H. (2005). Childhood sexual assault victims: Long-term outcomes of testifying in criminal court. 
Evaluating eyewitness testimony in children and adults. In 1. Weiner & A. Hess (Eds.), Handbook 
versus children’s testimony: Effects of truthful and deceptive statements on jurors’ decisions. Law 
(Eds.), Testimony without fear(?) Non-revictimizing cultures and practices (pp. 21-34). Brasilia, Brazil: 
comprehensive guide to assessment and testimony (pp. 181-202). John Wiley & Sons. 
testimony. In A. Haralambie (author), Handling child custody, abuse, and adoption cases (pp. 595- 
testimony. In A. Haralambie (author), Handling child custody, abuse, and adoption cases (pp. 606- 
Paz-Alonso, P., Chae, Y., & Goodman, G. S. (2009). Children’s testimony. In B. Cutler (Ed.), The 
Block, S. D., Greenberg, S. N., & Goodman, G. S. (2009). Remembrance of eyewitness testimony: Effects of 
Ogle, C. M., Chae, Y., & Goodman, G. S. (2010). Eyewitness testimony. In I. Weiner & W. E. Craighead 
development, memory, and testimony. In A. M. Haralmabie (Ed.), Handling child custody, abuse, 
development, memory, and testimony. In A. M. Haralmabie (Ed.), Handling child custody, abuse, 
Paz-Alonso, P., Ogle, C. M., & Goodman, G. S. (2013). Children’s memory and testimony in “scientific 
development, memory, and testimony. In A. M. Haralambie (Ed.), Handling child custody, abuse, 
Goldfarb, D. A., & Goodman, G. S. (Eds.). (2015). Child victim witnesses: Context, testimony, and legal 
Larson, R. P., Goldfarb, D. A., & Goodman, G. S. (2015). Children’s eyewitness memory and testimony in 
development, memory, and testimony. In A. M. Haralambie (Ed.), Handling child custody, abuse, 
Goodman, G. S., & Michelli, J. (1981. April). Psychology and the law: Effects of children's courtroom testimony. 
Goodman, G. S. (1982, May). A new direction in judicial research: Children's courtroom testimony. Invited 
Goodman, G. S., Golding, J., & Haith, M. M. (1983, August). Jurors’ reactions to children's testimony. Paper 
Goodman, G. S., Reed, R.S., & Hepps, D. (1985, August). The child victim's testimony. In M. Toglia 
Goodman, G. S. The reliability of children's testimony. (1986, March). In D. Raskin (Chair), Investigative 
Goodman, G. S., Hirschman, J., & Rudy, L. (1987, April). Children's testimony: Research and policy 
implications. In S. Ceci, D. Ross, & M. Toglia (Chairs), Children's testimony: Social policy 
Goodman, G. S. (1987, October). Ecological issues in the study of children's eyewitness testimony. Paper 
suggestibility. Presented in D. Peters (Chair), Children's testimony. Symposium, American 
Goodman, G. S., Wilson, M. E., Hazan, C., & Reed, R. S. (1989, April). Children's testimony nearly four years 
Goodman, G. S. (Chair). (1989, April). Current topics in research on children's testimony. Invited 
research on children's testimony. Society for Research in Child Development, Kansas City, Kansas, 
Understanding& improving children's testimony. Am. Psychological Assoc. Meeting, New Orleans, 
Children's testimony for a stressful event: Improving children's reports. In G. S. Goodman, 
(Chair). Child sexual abuse: Understanding and improving children's testimony. American 
Keeping secrets: Implications for children's testimony. American Psychology and Law Meetings, 
Goodman, G. S. (1990, August). Media effects and children's testimony. In D. Singer (Chair), The impact 
Kenney, B. (1992, August). Impact of innovative court procedures on children's testimony. In B. 
L. Bottoms & M. Levine (Chairs), Children's eyewitness testimony. Symposium presented at the 
testimony. Symposium, American Psychological Association Convention, Washington, D.C. 
testimony. Paper presented at the American Psychological Association Convention, Wash, D. C. 
Factfinders' abilities to detect deception in children's testimony. Paper presented at the American 
Effects of live testimony vs. hearsay on jurors’ perceptions of children's evidence. Invited paper, U. S. 
Goodman, G. S., Eisen, M., & Qin, J. (1995, July). Eyewitness testimony in victims of child malteatment: 
Should interviews of children be videotaped or adults testify in children's place?: Effects of 
in sexual abuse cases: Videotaped testimony and hearsay. American Psychological Society Convention, 
consequences on child sexual abuse victims of testifying in criminal court. In J. A. Quas & G. S. 
competence and testimony in legal proceedings. Symposium presented at the American Psychology- 
Quas, J. A., Goodman, G. S., et al. (2001, April). Memory for sexual abuse and courtroom testimony. In K. 
Castelli, P., Goodman, G. S., & Ghetti, S. (2002, December). Jurors’ reactions to children’s testimony: Effects of 
testimony. 28th International Congress of Applied Psychology, Paris, France. 
child sexual abuse testimony. 16" Conference on Partnerships for Children and Families in Los 
Goodman, G. S. Children's memory and children's testimony. Invited keynote address, 
Goodman, G. S. Children's eyewitness testimony: Research and policy issues. The Bush Center in 
Goodman, G. S. Age differences in eyewitness testimony. Invited colloquium. Department 
Goodman, G. S. Children's eyewitness testimony. Invited colloquium, Department of 
Goodman, G. S. Children's memory for real-life events: Children's testimony. Invited principal 
Goodman, G. S. Children's memory and eyewitness testimony. Invited colloquium, Department 
Goodman, G.S. Children's testimony in child abuse cases. Invited address. Conference on Child 
Goodman, G. S. Child abuse and children's testimony. Invited colloquium. Human Development 
Goodman, G. S. Children's testimony: Accuracy and Impact. Invited colloquium, Department of 
Goodman, G. S. Child abuse and children's testimony: Current research findings. Invited 
Goodman, G. S. Social and cognitive influences on children's testimony. Invited colloquium. 
Goodman, G. S. An overview of current research on children's testimony. Two invited addresses to 
Goodman, G. S. Understanding children's testimony. Invited address. New York Society for the 
Goodman, G. S. Understanding children's testimony. Invited address, Division 7 (Developmental 
Goodman, G. S. Advances in the study of children's testimony. Invited address, Eastern 
testimony. Italy, May, 1992. 
Goodman, G. S. Effects of closed circuit television on children's testimony and jurors’ decisions. 
influences on children's testimony. Center for the Study of Child Abuse, University of 
Goodman, G.S. The ritual abuse scare: Eyewitness testimony, repressed memory, and child 
Goodman, G. S. (1998). Testimony about childhood events: Psychological, legal, and social policy 
Goodman, G. S. (2003, August). Child maltreatment and child testimony. Nicholas Hobbs Award 
Goodman, G. S. (2010, July). Children’s testimony. European Association of Psychology and Law. 
Goodman, G. S. (2013, February). Children’s eyewitness memory and testimony. Invited address 
XVI. STATE/COUNTY/COUNTRY REPORTS AND TESTIMONY 
as for various state counties and countries. | have also testified as an expert in State and Federal Courts, 
and given reports and/or testimony to countries’ Supreme Courts. 
Development, Psychology and Law, Eyewitness Testimony, Child Witnesses, Victimization. 
Federal Court Testimony 
Inside Edition is asking if Anthony Weiner is expected to testify against Jeffrey Epstein? 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given 
your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
testimony? 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
Cunniffe's during the interrogation. When it came to trial, neither that tape nor Robert's testimony was allowed 
because of legal maneuvering by prosecutors. The video tape was suppressed and Robert did not testify due to 
Robert took the 5th but did submit an affidavit that if he were to testify he would have said Sean did not know 
documents between Cunniffe and Robert. There were no witnesses who gave testimony on Sean's knowledge 
Months after Hayat’s arrest, then-director of national intelligence, John D. Negroponte, testified in a 
testimony at trial. Burrell found that the failure to challenge the validity of the confession by presenting a false 
Cunniffe's during the interrogation. When it came to trial, neither that tape nor Robert's testimony was allowed 
because of legal maneuvering by prosecutors. The video tape was suppressed and Robert did not testify due to 
Robert took the 5th but did submit an affidavit that if he were to testify he would have said Sean did not know 
documents between Cunniffe and Robert. There were no witnesses who gave testimony on Sean's knowledge 
Months after Hayat’s arrest, then-director of national intelligence, John D. Negroponte, testified in a 
testimony at trial. Burrell found that the failure to challenge the validity of the confession by presenting a false 
2016, the defendant gave deposition testimony in connection with a civil lawsuit in the Southern 
defendant. The victims are backed up contemporaneous documents, records, witness testimony, 
evidence included eleven “clearly incriminating video tapes” and testimony from various cooperating witnesses, and 
the testimony of three individuals about events that allegedly occurred roughly 25 years ago 
: Let’s just tie that down. Is it your testimony that you've never given anybody a massage? 
: You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your testimony? 
: That is my testimony. 
: You never gave (J a massage is your testimony? 
course, those witnesses who do testify at trial would be subject to examination on the record as to 
testify.’ To the contrary, many alleged victims have already chosen to speak on the record in 
Ms. Maxwell and others, and to provide deposition testimony and discovery in those suits; and to 
largely consist of testimony relating to documents (which by their nature are not easily altered)? (4) Is there a 
prosecution's witnesses will not appear at trial, or will be unwilling to testify at trial? (5) Does the indictment allege 
to appear or testify’). 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
investigation, and Victim-1 did not testify before the grand jury in SDFL. Victim-1 was 
will call to testify. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 26.2; United States v. Nobles, 422 U.S. 225 (1975). We 
potentially testifying at trial. Would it be possible to schedule a call with Dr. Cooper to discuss? 
interested in speaking with you about your availability to testify at trial. Are you available for a call this week to 
York. We would be interested in speaking with you about your availability to testify at trial. Are you 
EXPERT WITNESS CASES—CONSULTATION AND/ OR TESTIMONY 
48 Grand Jury Testimony audio files dated 7/19/2006 (media 
Epstein Ducks Victim Testimony With Eve-Of-Trial Settlement 
trial that was to have featured testimony from the women. Read full article » 
2016, but only meant to see what traits she intended to testify to and how 
Prosecutors on Tuesday urged a jury after seven weeks of testimony to 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: | 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given 
your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
testimony? 
testimony. Superseding Indictment, Doc. # 17 at 29 7 8. 
case and then “conforming” their testimony in the criminal case to what was disclosed in the 
105. In sworn testimony at a public hearing on the tax incentive application conducted 
testimony, and quarterly reports to the EDC, a commission of the Government, regarding the 
293. These false statements and documents included affidavits, testimony, an 
testimony, and quarterly reports to the EDC, a commission of the Government, regarding the 
303. These false statements and documents included affidavits, testimony, an 
Clerk/Recorder is to appear in person to testify, and produce the requested record, at the U.S. District Court for 
Court may consider the perpetrator's ability to pay. The DA's office may contact you and ask you to testify at the restitution 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
Dr. Rocchio is expected to testify, based on her relevant education, training, experience, 
individuals can facilitate the sexual abuse of minors. Dr. Rocchio is also expected to testify that 
Dr. Rocchio’s testimony regarding any specific victim. 
Dr. Rocchio’s expected testimony relies on her education and training on psychological 
witness that the defendant intends to rely upon, including a written summary of any testimony that 
' Dr. Rocchio has previously testified in state court and has been deposed in the course of federal 
and state litigation. As a courtesy, a list of that testimony is also being produced to you today 
statements of witnesses she will call to testify, including expert witnesses. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 
2021.11.05 U.S. v Ghislaine Maxwell Non-Testifying Witness Material (Defense).pdf; 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
Preska has refused to unseal all of the testimony charged in the indictment, except one question 
prosecution before Maxwell even testified, it stands to reason that Boies Schiller and the 
during that deposition and testified truthfully. 
Sorry for my late response. | have been out of the office all week. | can testify if need be. Let me know if you need 
Thanks, gg We'd like to identify a records custodian who could testify, in the event that it would be necessary. 
We'd like someone to sign an affidavit for now, but we'd also like to identify someone who could testify at trial if need be. 
Sorry for my late response. | have been out of the office all week. | can testify if need be. Let me know if you need 
Thanks, J} We'd like to identify a records custodian who could testify, in the event that it would be necessary. 
We'd like someone to sign an affidavit for now, but we'd also like to identify someone who could testify at trial if need be. 
US attorney-general called to testify on political interference claims 
because we would be interested in speaking with Dr. JJ about potentially testifying at trial. Would it be possible to 
longer testify to crimes; indeed, penalties for telling the truth after a settlement 
Testimony of Three Witnesses 
the government’s proffer that the testimony of the three accusers would be corroborated by 
the testimony of the three accusers. The government’s case against Ms. Maxwell therefore rests 
counts (Counts Two and Four) are based on the testimony of only one witness, Minor Victim-1. 
Instead, they will testify only that “both [Ms. Maxwell] and Epstein knew and interacted with certain minor victims 
To: testimony 7 = Nee | 
Attendee: testimony (eee 
expect she'll testify on] We would like to have her fly in on[jJand out on the evening off You already 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
Court having received testimony concerning the Program at the hearing held on February 4, 2020, 
be testifying under a pseudonym. Could you please reach out to him when you can? 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
letter. That will be produced on a hard drive to you. In addition, a supplemental production of testifying witness and 
non-testifying witness material and exhibits are also ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying 
cover letter and indices. Those materials will be on the hard drive as well. We will also produce the testifying 
witness and non-testifying witness material and exhibits via USAfx. 
The Government expects to offer testimony from Computer Forensic Examiner | | 
(“CART”). Although the Government believes that Examiner testimony will not require 
provides notice of Examiner anticipated testimony in an abundance of caution. A copy 
The Government anticipates that, if called as a witness, Examiner oe will testify about 
' Examiner fae has previously testified regarding similar topics in federal court. As a courtesy, 
the Government notifies you that Examiner has previously testified in federal court in 
of those devices. The Government further anticipates that Examiner Es will also testify that 
defendant intends to rely upon, including a written summary of any testimony that the defendant 
statements of witnesses she will call to testify, including expert witnesses. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 
In accordance with the previously provided court order, any victim or witness testifying under a pseudonym should not 
*OFF-THE-RECORD, AND FOR GUIDANCE ONLY: Several of the government’s anticipated witnesses will be testifying in 
testimony in the civil case that are still sealed. In light of Judge Nathan's order, we think those should be redacted as 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
testify under oath, and to produce the records called for by the subpoena. Nonetheless, | choose to waive 
you of the time and date of the appearance, the scope of testimony, any Google Reference 
and could testify competently thereto if called as a witness. 
testify relatively early in the trial, and may even get on the stand c= =- = | 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
with respect to any acts committed or statements made during or after the meeting or testimony 
Client testify; and (c) the Government may also use statements made by Client at the meeting to 
trial. Attached please find a subpoena requiring his testimony at the trial scheduled to begin on November 29, 2021. 
Our team will let you and know closer to trial what date he will be needed to testify. | expect he will testify 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
I'm attaching a trial subpoena requiring J to testify at our trial, which is scheduled to begin on November 29, 
2021. | expect we will call JJ to testify sometime in early December 2021 during that trial. 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
give you a better estimate of when you will likely be called to testify, and we can make arrangements for your travel and 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
Subject: Maxwell testifying witness 3500 
Would you please save the attached pdfs in the respective witness and 3500 folders for the testifying witnesses in each 
e Discussed schedule for trial prep, mechanics of trial testimony. USAO will pay for 
Epstein and is nervous about testifying at trial. BB continues to speak with her counselor 
- prepared for direct testimony 
Sorry to hear that. You're correct that we didn’t need his testimony. 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
input, and especially from the testimony of victims here today 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
| find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
deposition testimony, that would be a huge help as well: 
e The cover page of both days of testimony (so the caption and date shows) 
Q. I want to be sure that I’m clear. Is it your testimony that 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
QO. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given anybody a 
testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
QO. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your testimony? 
court, after receiving clear and convincing evidence, determines that testimony by the victim would be 
materially altered if the victim heard other testimony at that proceeding; (4) The right to be reasonably heard at 
counts of perjury in connection with Maxwell’s testimony in a civil deposition. Trial is set to 
° Maxwell moves to dismiss the perjury counts because, in her view, her testimony 
they all would have provided exculpatory testimony were they alive today. Courts have 
testimony do not justify dismissing an indictment for delay. See, e.g., United States v. Scala, 388 
provides no indication of what many of these potential witnesses might have testified to. The 
testimony she suggests the detective might have offered—that witnesses in the Palm Beach 
relevant circumstances that a jury would have found testimony from Epstein credible even if he 
had waived his right against self-incrimination and testified on her behalf. See United States v. 
18 U.S.C. § 1623(a). Testimony is perjurious only if it is knowingly false and is material to the 
The requirement of knowing falsity requires that a witness believe that their testimony is 
testimony. The factual disputes relating to materiality are at least enough to preclude pretrial 
required to testify, trying all counts together could force Maxwell to choose between having her 
counsel testify on her behalf on the perjury charges and having them assist her in defending the 
The Second Circuit has recognized that witness testimony offered by a party’s attorney 
introduce Minor Victim-3’s testimony for impermissible purposes. 
discovery until that witness has testified on direct examination.” Coppa, 267 F.3d at 145. The 
proffered co-conspirator testimony following the Government’s Jencks Act disclosures. 
Maxwell at least six weeks to investigate testifying witness statements—allows Maxwell 
to non-testifying witnesses. After considering the circumstances, including the complexity of the 
co-conspirator statements; non-testifying witness statements; testifying witness statements; the 
clients testify, Maxwell presumably could request that the Court issue a subpoena to require 
to Maxwell, if appropriate, at the conclusion of each witness’s direct testimony. See United 
ultimately testify in this action. 
incentives to testify in a particular way. That argument demonstrates that the documents are 
when those witnesses testify. She presents no other nonconclusory basis as to why they are 
conclusion of each witness’s direct testimony. See Giampa, 1992 WL 296440, at *3; Ferguson, 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given 
your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
testimony? 
| am willing to testify, and provide evidence and/or more detailed descriptions of events. 
prison time, even though they had grand jury testimony from victims—including Evelyn Yang—eager 
produced, answers to interrogatories, responses to requests for admission, deposition testimony, 
Comm'n v. TheStreet.com, 273 F.3d 222 (2d Cir. 2001) (holding pretrial deposition testimony were not “judicial documents”); 
the GX number in them. I'm sending them to counsel for JP Morgan to discuss having a records custodian testify. Thanks! 
testify if the case went to trial, which I was willing and anxious to 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
| met wit and | need time to evaluate matter ing the subpoena to testify before the Grand Jury 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
With that being said, I just testified earlier this week in a Daubert Hearing for Federal Prosecutor I : 
sheds light in the content of my testimony. Similarly, the trial transcript for this case, where I testified for the 
New York. We would be interested in speaking with you about your availability to testify at trial. Are 
testimony. Note that witnesses may only be sah in ‘under the FEWS il eS for grand j jury testimony, ¢ court testimony, 
has been scheduled and cE witness is intended to testify. Any other witness travel for investigative interviews must be covered 
testimony. Note that witnesses may only be sah in ‘under the FEWS il eS for grand j jury — court testimony, 
has been scheduled and the witness is intended to testify. Any other witness travel for investigative interviews must be covered 
and Mr. testimony in the Maxwell case. 
testimony), no mandate has issued or documents been unsealed. 
pertaining to the , Which might corroborate some of his testimony, 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
As you know, Maxwell previously testified that Epstein was not paying for anything associated with her or any litigation. 
payment. As you know, Maxwell previously testified that Epstein was not paying for anything associated with her or any 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
Thanks for chatting yesterday. As discussed, here is a list of potential testifying witnesses for you to check for in your 
A Utah judge this week began to hear testimony from lawyers for a death row inmate 
“mitigating” testimony during the penalty phase of his 2015 capital trial. sant LAKE city 
‘The report is my testimony’: Mueller would not provide Congress new information 
month could get him out of testifying before Congress about 
“The report is my testimony,” the former special counsel said on 
May 29. “Any testimony from this office would not go beyond our 
He's testified before Congress more than 50 times, including during 
Asked about Mueller testimony, Trump pivots to Mueller’s ‘conflicts’ of interest 
testimony moves the needle in the polls. As Pelosi loves to say, 
expected to accompany their former boss and testify in closed 
-- No matter what happens, Mueller’s testimony won’t clear the 
Office of Special Counsel, is scheduled to testify Wednesday about 
invited Conway to testify, plan to vote to subpoena her if she fails to 
testimony to a PBS correspondent: 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
Thanks for your email. | am tied up for much of this week with a testifying witness, but should be able to speak to 
> subpoena to testify before the Grand 
I met with and | need time to evaluate matters. Regarding the subpoena to testify before the Grand 
the criminal prosecution. Of course, if four victims all testify consistently that they were not 
will testify about, among other things, certain documentary evidence relating to the charged 
crimes. The Government further anticipates that Ms. will testify about her role in 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made false 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, Maxwell 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
court proceeding, unless the court, after receiving clear and convincing evidence, determines that testimony by the 
victim would be materially altered if the victim heard other testimony at that proceeding; (4) The right to be reasonably 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given 
your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
testimony? 
Ms. Maxwell, charging her with, among other things, perjury in her deposition testimony. 
by “repeatedly provid[ing] false and perjurious statements” in deposition testimony. 
Ms. Maxwell gave false testimony (a) when she testified “I don’t know what you’ re talking 
girls for sexual massages . . . [i]f you know”; and (b) when she testified, “I’m not aware of 
Second Circuit. The transcript containing this testimony is sealed. 
speculated that the pretrial deposition testimony might be relevant to its 
completeness of testimony given by witnesses in the Government’s 
deposition testimony had been given in reliance upon the protective order, thus rendering 
In the present case the deponents testified in reliance upon the Rule 26(c) 
protective order, absent which they may have refused to testify. . . . [T]he 
testimony in civil litigation, thus undermining a procedural system that has 
In short, witnesses might be expected frequently to refuse to testify pursuant to 
protective orders if their testimony were to be made available to the 
protected testimony for possible use in a criminal investigation, either as evidence or as the 
necessitate Defense production of evidence surrounding the photographs including testimony 
Maxwell and Mr. Epstein, that fact is provable by other photographs and testimony. 
Forensic Assessment, Forensic Consultation, Expert Testimony 
Psychological Evaluation and Testimony in Cases of Clergy or Teacher Sexual 
Forensic Consultation, Expertise & Testimony 
Testifying Witness Material pamiae hp 
We have a supplemental production of testifying witness and non-testifying witness material ready to send to you. 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
| 3802002 | 2021.02.01 fTestimonydisclosure CC‘ OLB 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
to” witnesses who are expected to testify at trial, and for whom the Government has various 
subpoenas for records are quite unlike subpoenas for trial testimony: they can be made returnable 
for trial testimony. 
Future Testimony 
request that the witness be asked if he is willing to testify in U.S. criminal proceedings in the 
testimony given after the meeting; or (b) if, at any time following the meeting, Client becomes a 
examination should Client testify; and (c) the Government may also use statements made by 
witnesses testify about it. I would think this could be released after trial. 
likely be produced in some fashion after trial, and relate to topics that witnesses will testify 
likely be produced in some fashion after trial, and relate to topics that witnesses will testify 
likely be produced in some fashion after trial, and relate to topics that witnesses will testify 
counts of perjury in connection with Maxwell’s testimony in a civil deposition. Trial is set to 
° Maxwell moves to dismiss the perjury counts because, in her view, her testimony 
they all would have provided exculpatory testimony were they alive today. Courts have 
testimony do not justify dismissing an indictment for delay. See, e.g., United States v. Scala, 388 
provides no indication of what many of these potential witnesses might have testified to. The 
testimony she suggests the detective might have offered—that witnesses in the Palm Beach 
relevant circumstances that a jury would have found testimony from Epstein credible even if he 
had waived his right against self-incrimination and testified on her behalf. See United States v. 
18 U.S.C. § 1623(a). Testimony is perjurious only if it is knowingly false and is material to the 
The requirement of knowing falsity requires that a witness believe that their testimony is 
testimony. The factual disputes relating to materiality are at least enough to preclude pretrial 
required to testify, trying all counts together could force Maxwell to choose between having her 
counsel testify on her behalf on the perjury charges and having them assist her in defending the 
The Second Circuit has recognized that witness testimony offered by a party’s attorney 
introduce Minor Victim-3’s testimony for impermissible purposes. 
discovery until that witness has testified on direct examination.” Coppa, 267 F.3d at 145. The 
proffered co-conspirator testimony following the Government’s Jencks Act disclosures. 
Maxwell at least six weeks to investigate testifying witness statements—allows Maxwell 
to non-testifying witnesses. After considering the circumstances, including the complexity of the 
co-conspirator statements; non-testifying witness statements; testifying witness statements; the 
A party seeking to obtain records or employee testimony from the Department must first 
From: testimony <i> 
evidence in a prosecution for some other offense, provides testimony inconsistent with his responses given in the 
Art 6 is to be applied to authorize the taking of testimony of a person located in the 
testimony of a witness in proceedings for which mutual legal assistance is available. The 
A witness may also refuse to produce documentary evidence or give oral testimony on the 
documents and/or testimony, though we haven't asked specifically. 
documents and/or testimony, though we haven't asked specifically. 
documents and/or testimony, though we haven't asked specifically. 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF | Have ser__MY HAND AND SEAL THIS pay or May, 2021 
Page 2 of DE 149 contains a summary of Ms. Maxwell’s deposition testimony. DE 150-1 
deposition testimony; DE 150-1; DE 153; and DE 153-1: Identification of 
personal references in Ms. Maxwell’s deposition testimony excerpts. 
life into this case and was deposed under a court-ordered guarantee that her testimony would 
ongoing investigations are a powerful countervailing interest here. The sealed testimony or 
testimony subject to the Protective Order and references to multiple Non-Party Does including 
deposition testimony from Non-Party Does.° 
DE 172 contains multiple references to Ms. Maxwell’s deposition testimony and the 
deposition testimony of one other Non-Party taken pursuant to the Protective Order. See pp. 2, 4-8 
paragraph quoting the deposition testimony of a Non-Party taken pursuant to the Protective Order 
DE 190 and 190-1 relate to deposition testimony by Plaintiff. Ms. Maxwell has no 
testimony taken from Non-Party Does and should remain sealed based on countervailing interests 
DE 204 and 204-1 relate to the deposition testimony of three Non-Party Does including J. 
Doe |. All of the references to the Non-Parties and the testimony should remain sealed based on 
the countervailing interests discussed above. Exhibit | to DE 204 is the testimony of a J. Doe, yet 
Protective Order. Exhibit 3 to DE 204-1 is deposition testimony taken of J. Doe | pursuant to the 
reference Non-Party Does and refer in some instances to Non-Party deposition testimony taken 
Attached please find a letter motion to file a reply in support of the Government’s motion to preclude the testimony of Dr. 
Subject: Testifying witness notes 
Would one of you please save the attached in the testifying witness 3500 folder and the witness folder for Larry Visoski on 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
custodian testifying at trial? 
Victim 3.” All three individuals are expected to testify for the government at trial. 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
uncovering admissible evidence, aiding witness preparation, corroborating testimony, or assisting 
Q: I want to make sure that I’m clear. Is it your testimony that in the 1990s and 
A: That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Attachments: Rocchio Daubert Hearing Testimony Redacted.pdf 
Is there anyway for me to get a transcript of my testimony? 
2021.11.20 U.S. v_ Maxwell Non-Testifying Witness Material Index (Defense).pdf; 
That will be produced on a hard drive to you. In addition, a supplemental production of testifying witness and non- 
testifying witness material and exhibits are also ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter 
and indices. Those materials will be on the hard drive as well. We will also produce the testifying witness and non- 
testifying witness material and exhibits via USAfx. 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
will be testifying in this trial using a pseudonym or first name. The Court granted a Government motion 
to permit certain witnesses and certain non-testifying 
allegations of sex abuse, to testify or be referred to by 
testifying about abuse that allegedly occurred when they were 
publicity trial involving adults testifying about sex abuse as 
involving at least one adult testifying about sex abuse as 
case involving an adult testifying about sex abuse as a minor; 
testifying about sex trafficking as minors; United States v. 
District case from 2016 involving adults and adults testifying 
chill their willingness to testify for fear of having their 
will “testify in explicit detail and/or be the subject of 
highly sensitive and personal testimony concerning illegal 
regarding witnesses testifying under pseudonyms or under their first name only, and (4) address 
You may have noticed during yesterday's testimony that the witness used first 
At this trial, certain witnesses will be testifying under their first name only. Other 
witnesses will be testifying under pseudonyms — that is, under different names. 
yesterday's testimony that the witness used first names of 
protected to which they may refer while testifying. 
will be permitted to testify either using pseudonyms or only using 
a company may be admissible as business records of that company if witnesses testify that the records are integrated into 
e Exhibit A to Motion 4 (grand jury testimony) 
e Exhibit B to Motion 4 (grand jury testimony) 
Subject: RE: Testifying Witness Questions 
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Testifying Witness Questions 
Subject: FW: Maxwell testifying witness folder 
GE 3500 assuming we call her to testify just about the seizure of this evidence. 
Subject: Maxwell testifying witness folder 
Would you please create a testifying witness folder for MG and save the two attached pdfs in the relevant 
. You used the phrase in your testimony 
2 You've testified earlier that you and ia 
20 who was nude, do you recall that testimony? 
21 Q. So, if] understand your testimony 
2 Q. So, if I recall your testimony this 
11 you, if | got your testimony right -- 
else about the possibility of testifying in this 
25 Q. But in fact as you testified earlier, you 
21 to the testimony -- 
18 testified about earlier with B. Now, during this 
8 your testimony that you were able to go to a drug 
Papers from Miami case file (grand jury testimony): This is a disk — | can copy it and send it over to you. 
[3] We would be grateful if you would confirm the areas of testimony that you would wish the Duke’s witness 
in a prosecution for some other offense, provides testimony inconsistent with his responses given in the voluntary 
guilty to racketeering, narcotics, and firearms-related offenses, testified in September 20109 at the 
Papers from Miami case file (grand jury testimony): This is a disk — | can copy it and send it over to you. 
Papers from Miami case file (grand jury testimony): This is a disk — | can copy it and send it over to you. 
Department of Justice, so that no additional evidence or potential testimony is 
to a speedy trial. Psychological expert testimony was sought as part of these 
Children’s Testimony: A Handbook of Psychological Research and Forensic Practice, Westcott 
DPH. 2005. Childhood sexual assault victims: Long term outcomes after testifying in criminal 
%A0110 (Rev. 04/07) Subpoena to Testify Before Grand Jury 
YOU ARE HEREBY COMMANDED to appear and testify before the Grand Jury of the United States District 
AOII0 (Rev. 04/07) Subpoena to Testify Before Grand Jury 
On the last business day BEFORE you travel to testify, call Special Agent with FBI, ‘iim: verify your exact 
When you are advised that you have completed your testimony and your attendance is no longer required, you should request information 
down following the testimony of 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
yeah they don’t testify. 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made false 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
all of this evidence — the voluminous and credible testimony of individuals who were sexually 
herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: | 
taken an oath to testify truthfully in a deposition in 
false testimony: 
testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
Q. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given 
your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
testimony? 
with respect to any acts committed or statements made during or after the meeting or testimony 
Client testify; and (c) the Government may also use statements made by Client at the meeting to 
tomorrow if necessary -- noon is middle of Cohen testimony. 
testimony on similar matters in the criminal trial; (ii) subjecting the defendant to a deposition on 
testimony of these witnesses could severely impair the criminal prosecution. First, such witnesses 
may be forced to testify about any efforts to assist the criminal investigation and prosecution, and 
to seek a preview of trial testimony in the criminal case, and would afford her with a broader array 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
Subject: Fwd: Expert Testimony 
Subject: Re: Expert Testimony 
testify as an expert witness at trial. Are you available for a call tomorrow or next week to discuss? 
Subject: RE: Expert Testimony 
Subject: Fwd: Expert Testimony 
Subject: Ke: Expert Testimony 
testify as an expert witness at trial. Are you available for a call tomorrow or next week to discuss? 
Subject: Re: Expert Testimony 
to testify as an expert witness at trial. Are you available for a call tomorrow or next week to discuss? 
A. Pratt (Chair) Forensic assessment and testimony: Psychological trauma. A workshop presentation at the 
Dutton, M.A. and Hughes, D.M. (April 13, 2015). Expert Witness Testimony in Cases Involving Domestic 
Hughes, D.M. (December 2001). Relevance of domestic violence in the courtroom: Expert testimony in a duress 
preparation of written reports/affidavits/ declarations, deposition and testimony preparation, 
Court and deposition testimony are billed in full or half-day increments at the hourly rate of 
Payment is required at least 72 hours in advance. In the event that a deposition/ testimony is 
allotted for said testimony as Dr. Hughes’ schedule is made far in advance. In addition, if 
government's witnesses, who are not alleged victims themselves, may testify under pseudonyms because the 
will be testifying in this trial using a pseudonym or first name. The Court granted a Government motion 
2021.11.19 Maxwell Response to Gov Motion to Preclude Expert Testimony.pdf; 
IN SUPPORT OF ITS MOTION IN LIMINE TO PRECLUDE EXPERT TESTIMONY 
Il. THE COURT SHOULD PRECLUDE THE TESTIMONY OF DR. RYAN HALL ........ 4 
Dz. Dr. Hall's Fact Testimony Is Inadmissible............0. ccc cceeceeseeteceeeeseceeeeeeceeseeseeeeeseeaeeaeeaseasees 15 
III. THE COURT SHOULD PRECLUDE THE TESTIMONY OF BENNETT 
TESTIMONY, THE DEFENDANT SHOULD BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE SUPPLEMENTAL 
notice identifies topics on which the experts might testify. The Government is therefore not able 
supplemental expert notice forthwith or preclude these witnesses from testifying. 
defendant “must. . . give to the government a written summary of any [expert] testimony that 
' As described below, however, insofar as two of these witnesses will testify as fact witnesses 
testimony on Daubert grounds. 
often results from unexpected expert testimony, reduce the need for continuances, and to provide 
the opponent with a fair opportunity to test the merit of the expert’s testimony through focused 
Evidence 702;” (2) a “summary of the expected testimony,” which “permit[s] more complete 
which the expert will testify is insufficient; rather, the summary must reveal the expert’s actual 
As the Court is well aware, a properly noticed expert witness may then testify if such 
testimony complies with Federal Rule of Evidence 702. Accordingly, before admitting expert 
testimony, the Court must conclude that (1) the witness is qualified to be an expert, (2) the 
proposed expert testimony is reliable, and (3) the proposed testimony is relevant. See Daubert 
381, 396 n.11 (2d Cir. 2005). “Expert testimony which does not relate to any issue in the case 
omitted). The party that proffers the testimony bears the burden of showing that it is admissible 
Court “must consider whether an expert’s proposed testimony would usurp the province of the 
II. THE COURT SHOULD PRECLUDE THE TESTIMONY OF DR. RYAN HALL 
This Court should exclude Dr. Hall’s testimony. As disclosed, his expert opinionlfg 
a Dr. Hall’s proffered fact testimony should also be 
In addition to testifying abou 
Minor Victim-4’s ability to testify accurately. (See supra at 5 to 11). And to the extent Dr. Hall 
would testify about any undisclosed significance to his opinions, the failure to disclose that 
testimony itself renders it inadmissible. 
The party proposing to call an expert must provide “a written summary of any testimony 
disclose what his testimony will be, not just the topics about which he will testify. See United 
identifying the general topics about which the expert will testify is insufficient; rather, the 
(7th Cir. 2001) (“The Rule requires a summary of the expected testimony, not a list of topics.”). 
some undisclosed significance, his testimony should be excluded. See Ulbricht, 2015 WL 413318, 
at *5 (collecting cases concerning the exclusion of expert testimony for insufficient notice).* 
D. Dr. Hall’s Fact Testimony Is Inadmissible 
basis, Dr. Hall would testify about [is 
testimony, the Government would not object to a foundational account of how he evaluated Minor 
Victim-4. The defendant has not, however, identified any admissible substantive testimony from 
testimony based solely on the inadequacy of the defendant’s disclosures and the lateness of any 
Government does not expect that Minor Victim-4’s testimony will be contradicted by statements 
she made to Dr. Hall. And to be clear, Minor Victim-4’s expected testimony about the defendant's 
In addition, the defendant does not need Dr. Hall’s testimony to inform the jury that Minor 
194). But at present, the defendant has identified no relevant fact testimony that Dr. Hall could 
offer. Because his expert testimony is similarly inadmissible, he should be excluded as a witness 
'" To be clear, although Dr. Hall could conceivably testify as to his recollection of some prior 
761 F. Supp. 2d at 117-18, 120 (excluding testimony about prior witness interviews offered as 
Il, THE COURT SHOULD PRECLUDE THE TESTIMONY OF BENNETT 
the following testimony: 
We expect Professor Gershman to provide testimony on best 
This testimony should be precluded as irrelevant. At the conference on November 1, 2021, 
Gershman’s proposed testimony is relevant only to the defense theories that the Court has 
precluded. This testimony invites the jury to conclude that either the New York investigation or 
Even if this testimony was not plainly barred by the Court’s prior ruling, it should still be 
discussion and not Gershman’s opinions, and it does not identify the bases for his testimony— 
testimony. In a recent case, however, Gershman attempted to offer precisely the sort of testimony 
Aug. 5, 2021) (excluding Gershman’s testimony in a civil case that, inter alia, “the SEC 
The Court should not permit expert testimony on those subjects. 
TESTIMONY, THE DEFENDANT SHOULD BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
testify about computer forensics; pi ool who would testify about financial records; and two 
expected testimony and the bases for that testimony. Insofar as Kelso and Jj will testify as 
fact witnesses, the Government does not object to that testimony. If they are expected to testify as 
experts, however, and before any testimony by the forensic document specialists, the defense must 
The defendant anticipates calling Robert Kelso, a computer forensics specialist, to testify 
photographs. He may also testify generally about computer 
from the metadata. Mr. Kelso may testify in rebuttal to an 
testimony offered by the government through pee 
Similarly, the defendant anticipates [ie a financial investigator, to testify about: 
that testimony is not expert testimony, and therefore its admission is not precluded by Rule 702. 
BE. 20 FB! computer forensic examiner who will testify as a fact witness about his 
To the extent Kelso and =z would testify based on their “scientific, technical, or other 
specialized knowledge,” however, that testimony is expert testimony. /d. (quoting Fed. R. Evid. 
702(a)). And any such testimony is not reflected in the expert notice. These expert notices provide 
Rule 16. Ulbricht, 858 F.3d at 115. For instance, the notice for Kelso states that he will testify 
testify “about user data associated with certain devices seized and searched by the government’s 
GE testified, including United States y. Kelly, 19 Cr. 286 (AMD) (E.D.N.Y.). 
Accordingly, the Court should preclude expert testimony from Kelso and te unless and 
does not do so, those witnesses should be limited to purely factual testimony. See Lebedev, 932 
testimony on the analysis as needed. 
testimony to facts in the record. Experts—but not other witnesses—may rely on facts or data that 
purportedly awaited or topics of testimony, besides documents that “may require analysis,” leading 
to whatever testimony is “needed.” (Ex. A at 13-14). This is plainly inadequate under the rules, 
testimony about unidentified documents at this time. 
that may stretch into trial and would far exceed the scope any actual testimony that may be 
preclude the testimony of Dr. Ryan Hall and Bennett Gershman; preclude any expert testimony 
(as opposed to fact testimony) by Robert Kelso or |: and preclude any testimony at all 
Testifying\Production 11 
Testifying\Production 11 
custodian testifying at trial? 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
custodian testifying at trial? 
Testifying Witness Material (Defense Copy).pdf 
In additional, a supplemental production of testifying witness and non-testifying witness material is also ready to send to 
e Exhibit A to Motion 4 (grand jury testimony) 
e Exhibit B to Motion 4 (grand jury testimony) 
Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - non-testifying witness production 
Testifying Witness Material Index (Defense Copy).pdf 
A supplemental production of non-testifying witness material is now ready to produce. Attached please find the cover 
| hope you had a great weekend! They've been saved in the MM testifying witness 3500 and witness folder. 
Would one of you please save the attached 2 pdfs in the testifying witness 3500 and witness folders for J on 
Expense Types Not Reimbursable from the AFF: Expert/witness testimony or travel related expenses (may be 
Would you please add the attached to EJ testifying witness folder on the Epstein share? 
will call to testify. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 26.2; United States v. Nobles, 422 U.S. 225 (1975). We 
material, regarding the witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced case. 
testified in the grand jury in connection with the investigation conducted by the Palm Beach State's 
unplayable and, therefore, there is no record 0 srand jury testimony. 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
by non-testifying witness about Minor Victim-4. In particula: as previously 
ae. contained in the Government's non-testifying witness productions, including in the first 
witnesses that the Government may call to testify at trial in the above-referenced case: 
travels to New York for trial testimony. 
ravels to New York to testify at trial. 
New York to testify at trial. 
York to testify at trial. 
to New York to testify at trial. 
New York to testify at trial. 
testimony. 
New York to testify at trial. 
employer regarding dates of future trial preparation sessions and trial testimony. 
testify at trial. 
testify at trial. 
testify at trial. 
and hotel accommodations in New York City in connection with the tnal testimony of 
the witnesses the Government anticipates testifying at the trial. Such arrangements 
hotel expenses for trial testimony for at least the following individuals: 
Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, Sundar Pichai and Tim Cook will testify to 
testify. Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg are set to meet civil rights leaders 
Expense Types Not Reimbursable from the AFF: Expert/witness testimony or travel related expenses (may be 
Epstein Ducks Victim Testimony With Eve-Of-Trial Settlement 
trial that was to have featured testimony from the women. Read full article » 
Prosecutors on Tuesday urged a jury after seven weeks of testimony to 
A party seeking to obtain records or employee testimony from the Department must first 
It was a pleasure talking to you today. As we discussed, | am authorized to accept service of the subpoena for testimony 
either appear or proffer, either in advance or in lieu of any testimony. 
interrogatories or give deposition testimony absent further_order of the Court. /d., 
Ms. Maxwell’s sealed civil deposition testimony in v. Maxwell, 15-cv-7433. 
government in the criminal case. Such discovery might include testimony of the 
direct quotes from her civil deposition testimony that is both under seal and subject to 
Papers from Miami case file (grand jury testimony): This is a disk — | can copy it and send it over to you. 
witnesses’ expected testimony, the government argues that it is necessary to conceal their identity 
“Witness-1”) to protect the privacy interests of third parties unless and until they testify publicly. 
He could testify to what he saw, but certainly cannot testify to what she felt. 
to testify and give evidence in regard to alleged violations of federal criminal law, including: 
our productions of non-testifying witness statements. 
and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
e In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
our productions of non-testifying witness statements. 
and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
Dr. Rocchio’s testimony is based on her education as well as her training, experience, and 
number of factors. Dr. Rocchio can testify about the research regarding the various factors 
Dr. Rocchio’s testimony relies on her education and training on psychological trauma, 
Prepare Testimony 
Court Testimony 
functioning as independent contractors, to conduct record reviews and data analyses in preparation for testimony in person or by 
written report and to provide such testimony in court or by trial deposition. In this particular case, the USAO has determined that 
an expert witness is necessary to testify in litigation for the government and such services are not available from the agency being 
prepare testimony, testify, and other work pertinent to the case. 
and in connection with such services agrees to perform such document review, studies and research so as to be able to testify in person 
Testify as an expert witness during the trial either in person or by written report, unless notified to the contrary by the AUSA, and 
Assist the USAO in the obtaining of one or more additional expert witnesses, as needed to support the testimony of the contractor 
and the specific hours to be worked by the contractor except when the contractor's testimony is required at a specific time and place. 
and written opinions, the signing of affidavits, giving depositions or courtroom testimony under oath and directly consulting with the 
Government anticipates that this case will proceed ot trial. At trial, Dr. Rocchio will serve as a testifying expert to explain various 
topics related sexual abuse and trauma. Specifically, Dr. Rocchio will serve as a testifying expert, based on her professional 
In advance of her trial testimony, Dr. Rocchio will meet with the Government for preparation sessions; assist the Government in 
responding to motions related to her expert testimony, as needed; and review any materials provided by the Government, or other 
relevant materials relevant to the above subject matters as necessary in advance of her testimony. 
working on the case, in order to facilitate the testimony to be provided by the expert in person or by written report, unless notified 
information, such as support staff needed to assist in the preparation of testimony in person or by written report. The Contractor shall 
use and derivative use immunity provides protection “from the use of compelled testimony, as 
voluntary decision about whether to testify and or to assert her right to remain silent. U.S. 
defendant the right to testify in her defense); Brown v. Artuz, 124 F.3d 73, 78 (2d Cir. 1997) 
(wavier of the right to testify must be knowing and voluntary). Ms. Maxwell’s decision 
whether to testify is personal and fundamental. /d. (“[T]he decision whether to testify belongs 
right to testify unless they too know the legal ramification of testifying or remaining silent. /d. 
at 79 (defense counsel must “advise the defendant about the benefits and hazards of testifying 
and of not testifying”). These considerations necessitate resolution of Ms. Maxwell’s motions 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
Subject: RE: Testifying witness notes 
Subject: RE: Testifying witness notes 
All set, it’s been added to both folders. On a related note, do we have a set deadline for producing testifying witness 3500 
Subject: Testifying witness notes 
Would one of you please save the attached in the testifying witness 3500 folder and the witness folder for Larry Visoski on 
Subject: RE: Testifying witness notes 
Subject: RE: Testifying witness notes 
Subject: RE: Testifying witness notes 
All set, it’s been added to both folders. On a related note, do we have a set deadline for producing testifying witness 3500 
Subject: Testifying witness notes 
Would one of you please save the attached in the testifying witness 3500 folder and the witness folder for Larry Visoski on 
for E EE husband, and three minor children to travel with her to New York for her testimony and 
She is willing to commit to testify but she definitely wants her husband and children with her when in NY for trial in July. 
are going to expand our case to includefiitestimony. 
I'm just checking in to see whether{ifhas made a decision about whether she would be willing to testify at our 
Could you please create a potential testifying witness folder for IM and include the attached items? 
Mr. QM testimony in the Maxwell case. 
testimony), no mandate has issued or documents been unsealed. 
pertaining to the which might corroborate some of his testimony, 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
Forensic Assessment, Forensic Consultation, Expert Testimony 
Psychological Evaluation and Testimony in Cases of Clergy or Teacher Sexual 
Forensic Consultation, Expertise & Testimony 
Disclosure of testimony as of 2/1/2021 
e Deposition testimony on 12/11/2020 in the matter of C.C v. County of Warren et. al. 
e Deposition testimony on 12/11/2020 in the matter of R.M. vy County of Warren, et. al. 
e Deposition testimony on 8/23/2019 in the matter of: State of NH v. Hugh MacDonald 
e Trial testimony on 6/12/2019 in the matter of: Commonwealth of MA v.. Erika Murray 
e Deposition Testimony in 2011 in the matter of Donna MacAuliffe, Plaintiff, v. Leanard 
e Trial testimony in 2002 in the matter of State of RI v. Joy Carter 
psychotherapy, also has done legal consultation; forensic evaluations; expert testimony in 
e §=Recently testified in criminal trial in Massachusetts last year; only testified twice (only 
o Incase testified about intimate partner violence, explained that intimate partner 
e = Will try to find out if judge was asked to rule if testified as expert for any of her depositions 
Q: Let's just tie that down. Is it your testimony that you've never given anybody a massage? 
Q: You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your testimony? 
A: That is my testimony. 
Q: You never cave a massage is your testimony? 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
to testify in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell case pending in the SDNY. 
Ms. (RR has conveyed some concerns about her inability to properly prepare for her testimony whether for the 
preparation to the FD-302 written that she may be called to testify about. ( | will be able to elaborate via tel/cal with 
to testify in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell case pending in the SDNY. 
Ms. bas conveyed some concerns about her inability to properly prepare for her testimony whether for the 
preparation to the FD-302 written that she may be called to testify about. (| will be able to elaborate via tel/cal with you). 
21 examined and testified as follows: 
testimony presented to the grand jury. 
with respect to any acts committed or statements made during or after the meeting or testimony 
Client testify; and (c) the Government may also use statements made by Client at the meeting to 
from California, so he'll need to travel to NY on 11/27 in order to meet with me on 11/28. | expect he'll testify on 11/29, 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
he'll testify on 12/2, but he could possible bleed over into 12/3, so I'd like to have him fly in on 12/1 and out on the 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
We have a supplemental production of testifying witness material, which | have attached to this email, along with an 
“GEE ) testified that both Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2 received letters describing their rights 
court, after receiving clear and convincing evidence, determines that testimony by the 
victim would be materially altered if the victim heard other testimony at that 
will call to testify. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 26.2; United States v. Nobles, 422 U.S. 225 (1975). We 
can testify. 
mansion to engage in sexual acts. They have not had the opportunity to testify in court in any proceeding thus 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
jury testimony, and we hope to pursue [J as a witness in this case. Our understanding is that JJ 
and have provided expert witness testimony. 
(1951), for the testimony of (1) FBI Special Agent , (2) FBI Special 
summary of the testimony we seek: 
“| July 2006 to June 2008. We request testimony from 
they reviewed, documents they obtained by subpoena, and their testimony before 
(AJN)). We request testimony from i and concerning the 
investigative steps taken by the agents, including but not limited to testimony about 
documents they obtained by subpoena, their testimony before the grand jury, and 
The testimony of these law enforcement officers is relevant and material to the issues in 
to exclude any of the Defendant's anticipated witness testimony as disclosed in her November 1, 
who will be testifying? 
custodian testifying at trial? 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
regarding witnesses testifying under pseudonyms or under their first name only, and (4) address 
You may have noticed during yesterday's testimony that the witness used first 
At this trial, certain witnesses will be testifying under their first name only. Other 
witnesses will be testifying under pseudonyms — that is, under different names. 
regarding witnesses testifying under pseudonyms or under their first name only, and (4) address 
You may have noticed during yesterday's testimony that the witness used first 
At this trial, certain witnesses will be testifying under their first name only. Other 
witnesses will be testifying under pseudonyms — that is, under different names. 
yesterday's testimony that the witness used first names of 
protected to which they may refer while testifying. 
other materials they relied upon to prepare their testimony, we have not repeated that information 
of this evidence — the voluminous and credible testimony of individuals who were sexually abused 
documents and/or testimony, though we haven't asked specifically. 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or | 
you please create a new testifying witness folder for him and add these materials? 
with respect to any acts committed or statements made during or after the meeting or testimony 
Client testify; and (c) the Government may also use statements made by Client at the meeting to 
AG TESTIMONY 
ABC (live updating): https://abcnews. go.com/Politics/barr-testimony-live-updates-ag-faces-questions- 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
testimony of numerous victims, and this case presents the very real possibility that he will go to 
testimony. Note that witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand 
jury testimony, court testimony, or preparation for same. NB: as to grand jury, this applies only in 
is intended to testify. Any other witness travel for investigative interviews must be covered by the 
kinds of issues about whether or not they have to testify. We 
testimony as confidential. 
can't believe that this entire testimony is going to be 
been denied by plaintiff, her own deposition testimony in the 
asserting her Fifth Amendment privilege. Truthful testimony 
injustice, to allow the government to convict Maxwell of testifying falsely when the government 
authority to compel testimony in support of her defense. U.S. CONST. amend. VI. 
all of this evidence — the voluminous and credible testimony of individuals who were sexually 
The production [ij uploaded was non-testifying witness 3500. An example page is attached, and includes our 
\\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NY S\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Trial\3500\1. Testifying\Production 
Would you please create new testifying witness folders for ——————— on the Epstein share and 
invoke her privilege against compulsory self-incrimination and agreed to testify at her April 
Count Six of the superseding indictment alleges that Maxwell provided false testimony 
when she testified during her July 2016 deposition that: (1) she could not recall whether sex toys 
forthcoming in giving testimony and less willing to settle their disputes.” S.E.C. v. 
expected frequently to refuse to testify pursuant to protective orders if their testimony were to be 
conviction when the government mischaracterized the substance of grand jury testimony). 
injustice, to allow the government to convict Maxwell of testifying falsely when the government 
authority to compel testimony in support of her defense. U.S. CONST. amend. VI. 
Subject: RE: Maxwell testifying witness 3500 
Subject: RE: opie testifying witness 3500 
Subject: Maxwell testifying witness 3500 
Would you please save the attached pdfs in the respective witness and 3500 folders for the testifying witnesses in each 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
and include them in the next production? Do not include the photograph of the deposition testimony on page 5. 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
We do have the transcripts of their grand jury testimony (although not the AUSA preamble). She is not mentioned in the 
introductory part of the agent’s testimony where they are walking through the various targets and subjects of the 
the SDFL investigation, but will take a look to confirm. We also have the grand jury testimony and I’m asking team to 
confirm that Maxwell was not mentioned in that testimony. 
Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of 
Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizabeth Loftus along with supporting documents. Pursuant to our 
was by me first duly sworn to testify the ? 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or property 
Subject: Re: Maxwell testifying witness folder 
G's 3500 assuming we call her to testify just about the seizure of this evidence. 
Subject: Maxwell testifying witness folder 
Would you please create a testifying witness folder for MY and save the two attached pdfs in the 
The Government expects Minor Victim-3 to testify, in substance and in part, that she met 
counts of perjury in connection with Maxwell’s testimony in a civil deposition. Trial is set to 
° Maxwell moves to dismiss the perjury counts because, in her view, her testimony 
they all would have provided exculpatory testimony were they alive today. Courts have 
testimony do not justify dismissing an indictment for delay. See, e.g., United States v. Scala, 388 
provides no indication of what many of these potential witnesses might have testified to. The 
testimony she suggests the detective might have offered—that witnesses in the Palm Beach 
relevant circumstances that a jury would have found testimony from Epstein credible even if he 
had waived his right against self-incrimination and testified on her behalf. See United States v. 
18 U.S.C. § 1623(a). Testimony is perjurious only if it is knowingly false and is material to the 
The requirement of knowing falsity requires that a witness believe that their testimony is 
testimony. The factual disputes relating to materiality are at least enough to preclude pretrial 
required to testify, trying all counts together could force Maxwell to choose between having her 
counsel testify on her behalf on the perjury charges and having them assist her in defending the 
The Second Circuit has recognized that witness testimony offered by a party’s attorney 
introduce Minor Victim-3’s testimony for impermissible purposes. 
discovery until that witness has testified on direct examination.” Coppa, 267 F.3d at 145. The 
proffered co-conspirator testimony following the Government’s Jencks Act disclosures. 
Maxwell at least six weeks to investigate testifying witness statements—allows Maxwell 
to non-testifying witnesses. After considering the circumstances, including the complexity of the 
co-conspirator statements; non-testifying witness statements; testifying witness statements; the 
Testifying\Production §\3527 Visoski, Larry 
knowledge and, if called and sworn as a witness, I could and would testify as set forth below. 
will be testifying in this trial using a pseudonym or first name. The Court granted a Government motion 
recordings of Mr. Avenatti’s testimony at bar proceedings. Mr. Avenatti has not reviewed any 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
FORENSIC EXAMINATION / TESTIMONY EXPERIENCE 
supported expert testimony in Federal Court, Southern District of NY and Eastern District of NY. 
win work on high-profile fraud cases, testifying Tuesday that these were 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
- The content of witness’s statement will be treated in the same manner as testimony taken 
invoke her privilege against compulsory self-incrimination and agreed to testify at her April 
Count Six of the superseding indictment alleges that Maxwell provided false testimony 
when she testified during her July 2016 deposition that: (1) she could not recall whether sex toys 
forthcoming in giving testimony and less willing to settle their disputes.” S.E.C. v. 
expected frequently to refuse to testify pursuant to protective orders if their testimony were to be 
conviction when the government mischaracterized the substance of grand jury testimony). 
to determine whether to keep under seal testimony that occurred before Chief Judge 
sealed deposition testimony. Judge Preska has ruled that certain questions and answers are 
Motions, we limited our proposed redactions to the portions of deposition testimony that 
it in this mannera meaning entirely different from that which it has when the testimony is 
Q. Let's just tie that down. It is your testimony that you’ve never 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your testimony? 
Subject: Maxwell testifying witness materials 
Attached please find notes from trial prep with testifying witnesses for Maxwell. Would one of you please save these in 
the 3500 folder and the witness folder for the relevant testifying witness named in the file name for each pdf? 
Prepared for trial testimony. J previously undisclosed, clarifying, or different recollections 
Prepared for trial testimony. [J previously undisclosed, clarifying, or different recollections 
Prepared for trial testimony. Clarified the following: 
Prepared for trial testimony. [J previously undisclosed, clarifying, or different recollections 
e Prepared for trial testimony. 
We do have the transcripts of their grand jury testimony (although not the AUSA preamble). She is not 
mentioned in the introductory part of the agent’s testimony where they are walking through the various 
We also have the grand jury testimony and I’m asking team to confirm that Maxwell was not mentioned 
in that testimony. 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
of protective orders in civil cases is to encourage testimony in 
In addition, Ms. Maxwell is requesting a bail hearing at which witnesses will testify regarding 
and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
e In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
not had the opportunity to testify in court in any 
The defendant faces substantial evidence of guilt founded on the corroborated testimony 
authorized by law to administer oaths and record testimony pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil 
deposition may be used to preserve testimony for trial, to obtain discovery, and for any other 
rights. So if you want substantive testimony you will have to wait. Out of curiosity have any of your clients been criminally 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Subject: testifying witness notes 
Would you please save the attached pdf in J testifying witness 3500 folder and in his witness folder on the 
e [At this point, AUSAs | BE joined) Prepared for trial testimony. aa 
Subject: RE: Expert Testimony 
availability to testify as an expert witness at trial. Are you available for a call tomorrow or next week to 
Subject: RE: Expert Testimony 
Embedded: RE: Expert Testimony.msg 
Subject: RE: Expert Testimony 
investigation, and Victim-1 did not testify before the grand jury in SDFL. Victim-1 was 
will call to testify. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 26.2; United States v. Nobles, 422 U.S. 225 (1975). We 
witnesses she will call to testify. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 26.2; United States v. Nobles, 422 U.S. 225 
inspection until said witness has testified on direct examination in the trial of the case.” 18 U.S.C. 
testimony at trial. See In re U.S., 834 F.2d 283, 284-87 (2d Cir. 1987) (issuing a writ of mandamus 
Request 6 — A Written Summary of Any Testimony the Government Intends to 
Government intends to call any expert to testify at trial, the Government will provide appropriate 
defendant disclose prior statements of witnesses she will call to testify. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 26.2; 
have to prove that she is not guilty. That means a defendant does not have to testify, or to put on 
several years. [J was granted immunity by SDFL and provided grand jury testimony as part of the prior 
for “massages” for several years. J was granted immunity by SDFL and provided grand jury testimony, and 
potential testimony. Obviously, I am not certain whether any of the information presented is new to you or 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
where her testimony at trial was not ultimately required. Examples of Ms. Richardson's assistance 
testimony or an in-person proffer, we note that many of the details Ms. Richardson provided were 
all of this evidence — the voluminous and credible testimony of individuals who were sexually 
02 SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY BEFORE GRAND JURY PERTAINING TORR 
70: i SUBPOENA TO TESTIFY 
YOU ARE HEREBY COMMANDED to appear and testify before the Grand Jury of the United States District 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
Papers from Miami case file (grand jury testimony): This is a disk — | can copy it and send it over to you. 
numerous witnesses are expected to testify at trial, details that are not publicly known or known 
reasonably be expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony at trial and/or enable 
witnesses to alter or shape their testimony to conform to other evidence. 
expected to testify at trial, as well as information and documents prepared by potential trial 
2019, will be the subject of trial testimony at the Noe/ trial. 7(A) Returned Records containing 
prematurely could reasonably be expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony at trial, 
allow witnesses to alter or shape their testimony to conform to other evidence, identify potential 
testimony or evidence. 
witnesses’ potential testimony at trial, allow witnesses to alter or shape their testimony to 
influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
10, 2019, will be the subject of witness testimony at the Noe/ trial. 7(A) Returned Records 
materials prematurely could reasonably be expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony 
at trial, allow witnesses to alter or shape their testimony to conform to other evidence, and/or 
influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
subject of witness testimony, and/or were prepared by witnesses who will testify at trial. 7(A) 
Premature disclosure of these records could influence the testimony of potential witnesses, 
including by potentially causing them to alter or shape their testimony to conform to other 
witness testimony, and/or were prepared by witnesses who will testify at trial. 7(A) Returned 
testimony at trial, allow witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence, and/or 
influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
include information about which numerous witnesses are expected to testify at trial, include 
those materials could influence witness testimony at trial, or enable witnesses to change or shape 
their testimony. Premature disclosure of these records and/or the information contained therein 
could reasonably be expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony at trial and/or allow 
witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence. 
expected to testify at trial, as well as information and documents authored by potential trial 
some of the dates in between, will be the subject of witness testimony at the Noel trial. In 
potential testimony at trial, allow witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence, 
or influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
Epstein’s death, may be trial exhibits, the subject of witness testimony, or were prepared by 
witnesses who will testify at trial. Premature disclosure of these materials could reasonably be 
expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony at trial, allow witnesses to alter their 
testimony to conform to other evidence, or influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness 
testimony or evidence. Alternatively, if evidence of Epstein’s July 23, 2019 suicide attempt or 
of Epstein prepared by BOP may be trial exhibits, the subject of witness testimony, and/or were 
prepared by witnesses who will testify at trial. Premature disclosure of these records could 
influence the testimony of potential witnesses, including by potentially causing them to alter or 
confirm their testimony. In addition, premature disclosure of these records could reasonably be 
be trial exhibits, the subject of witness testimony, and/or were prepared by witnesses who will 
testify at trial. Premature disclosure of these materials could reasonably be expected to influence 
witnesses’ potential testimony at trial, allow witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to 
other evidence, and/or influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
SHU prepared by BOP may be a trial exhibit, the subject of witness testimony, and/or was 
prepared by witnesses who will testify at trial. Premature disclosure of this record could 
reasonably be expected to influence witnesses’ potential testimony at trial and/or allow witnesses 
to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence. 
subject of witness testimony at the Noel trial. Their disclosure could influence witness 
testimony, including by allowing witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence, 
or influence potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. Alternatively, as 
testimony at the Noel trial. Their disclosure could influence witness testimony, including by 
allowing witnesses to alter their testimony to conform to other evidence, or influence potential 
jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. Alternatively, as described above, if 
the anticipated content of witness testimony. More detailed public descriptions could also 
Tartaglione Records could reasonably be expected to influence witness testimony and/or 
potential jurors’ perceptions of witness testimony or evidence. 
witness testimony or jurors’ perceptions, if records are released in part or without full context. 
Attachments: 2021.11.24 U.S. v_ Maxwell Non-Testifying Witness Material Index (Defense).pdf; 
Testifying\Production 11 
Testifying\Production 11 
Giglio material, regarding witnesses who may be called to testify at trial in the above-referenced 
Government does not expect to call these individuals to testify at trial. Instead, these materials 
testify under her own name (and has testified under her own name at the prior bail hearings). 
In accordance with the previously provided court order, any victim or witness testifying under a pseudonym should 
testifying in this trial using a pseudonym or first name. The Court granted a Government motion [attached] 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made false 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
a company may be admissible as business records of that company if witnesses testify that the records are integrated into 
My client SG is willing to give testimony in the above 
investigation. | believe EE testimony will be helpful to your 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
our productions of non-testifying witness statements. 
and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
e In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
- EE is the same persons as who is a testifying witness. Would you please move the 
- Es the same person al, a potential testifying witness. Could you please move those 
testimony is instrumental in her prosecution. In fact, when | was 
old’s life if | testified. 
for this trip. The process of preparing to testify about years of childhood sexual abuse is 
New York, where we will prepare both and | testify at trial, they will also need 
court/GJ testimony. 
e Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that 
has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court 
testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made false 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
testimony on this topic.) 
- The content of witness’s statement will be treated in the same manner as testimony taken 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
during the public testimony of witnesses and may be listed on public exhibits introduced at trial. See 
Would you please put the attached into a non-testifying witness folder for i? 
in order to secure his testimony. 
testify against them, and the further prejudicial effect of the sixth applicant's 
deposition testimony, that would be a huge help as well: 
e The cover page of both days of testimony (so the caption and date shows) 
QO. I want to be sure that I’m clear. Is it your testimony that 
A. That is my testimony, that is correct. 
QO. Is it your testimony that you’ve never given anybody a 
testimony? 
A. That is my testimony. 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your testimony? 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, Maxwell 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
Additionally, in 2016, while testifying under oath in a civil proceeding, MAXWELL repeatedly made 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
Would one of you please save the attached 2 pdfs in the testifying witness 3500 and witness folders for i on 
The Government expects to offer testimony from Computer Forensic Examiner Stephen 
(“CART”). Although the Government believes that Examiner pe testimony will not require 
provides notice of Examiner or anticipated testimony in an abundance of caution. A copy 
The Government anticipates that, if called as a witness, Examiner ee will testify about 
' Examiner [J has previously testified regarding similar topics in federal court. As a courtesy, 
the Government notifies you that Examiner has previously testified in federal court in 
of those devices. The Government further anticipates that Examiner [J will also testify that 
defendant intends to rely upon, including a written summary of any testimony that the defendant 
statements of witnesses she will call to testify, including expert witnesses. See Fed. R. Crim. P. 
Papers from Miami case file (grand jury testimony): This is a disk — | can copy it and send it over to you. 
examined and testified as follows: 
testimony Presented to the grand jury. 
briefly prep about how to testify and what they may want to say during the sentencing portion. Thank you for 
businessman, is slated to testify to Congress about the Trump Tower Moscow 
not had the opportunity to testify in court in any 
The trial was to have featured testimony from some 
single one of them, it heard testimony from witnesses. Those cases include the 
federal judge heard emotional testimony Monday from patients who said their 
of allowing trial testimony about news coverage of his fee fight with a former 
unfair,” the firm's chairman testified in Boston federal court Wednesday at a 
longtime Trump attorney's testimony about crimes he committed in dealings 
Michael Cohen the night before testimony ... 
13.a. Expert Testimony on Behalf of U.S. 
13.c. Medical Examination of Plaintiff/Witness/Defendant in Contemplation of Testimony on Behalf of U.S. 
14.b. Prepare Testimony 
14.c. Court Testimony 
testified in his own defense. Read full article » 
13.a. Expert Testimony on Behalf of U.S. 
13.c. Medical Examination of Plaintiff/Witness/Defendant in Contemplation of Testimony on Behalf of U.S. 
14.b. Prepare Testimony 
14.c. Court Testimony 
and aerial footage), or are digital recordings of interviews that will be produced as non-testifying witness 
e In light of our decision to produce non-testifying witness statements beginning on April 12, 2021, we are no longer 
contents of the electronic media with these non-testifying witness statements, but you are of course welcome to 
long-running bid to compel testimony from former Trump White House 
A former ENRC security consultant testified on Wednesday that he regretted 
A former ENRC security consultant testified on Wednesday that he regretted 
motives of the testifying BSF lawyers to curry favor with the government. After all, Boies is 
Maxwell now seeks a new bail hearing at which “witnesses [would] testify regarding the 
current and former employees of the Palm Beach Police Department who may need to testify at the upcoming trial in our 
The afternoon session is underway, with testimony from Kurt 
custodian testifying at trial? 
If you are selected as a juror, you will be required to be present for the taking of testimony and 
testify, and that a juror cannot hold it against the defendant if she chooses not to 
testify. Do you accept this principle, and will you be able to apply it if selected to 
You may hear testimony in this case that law enforcement officers recovered certain 
You also may hear testimony in this case from expert witnesses. Have you had any 
Witnesses in this case may testify claiming sexual abuse or sexual assault. Would 
witnesses testified that they received no 
and testimony offered at the evidentiary hearing, in light 
materials in James Neill’s briefcase. She testified that she 
However, Stevens testified that on or about November 
items.’ Fort testified that, on or about December |, 1993, 
document,’ corroborated Fort’s testimony. See Transcript 
at 84-85 (Vol. II-B). Fort testified persuasively that he 
testified that while again reviewing documents that had 
87 (Vol. I-B). Fort testified that he did not *839 show the 
electronic files, the agents testified persuasively that they 
testified at the hearing that they lacked computer skills. 
Justice’s Fraud Section, testified that she read most (but 
based upon the evidence and testimony offered at the 
only for a short time. Fort testified persuasively that he 
materials, and his testimony was not undermined on 
prosecution team witnesses testified that, to their 
Stevens testified that she was unaware of the existence of 
6 Poole further testified that he “told them that the prosecution team would not review any of the documents as to which claims of 
9 Agent Brown testified that Fort wanted her to witness that, upon finding the potentially privileged materials, he sealed them 
Il Neither side called Agent Granger to testify at the evidentiary hearing. 
privileged materials after defense counsel had reviewed the boxes containing seized material. Fort testified that he was surprised to 
identified in a document discovered inadvertently), the government witnesses persuasively testified that those entities were known 
to the investigators prior to the search. This testimony was not surprising. The investigation of the Neills and their business 
7 The testimony at the hearing indicated that some of the files were printed and read by at least Agent Fort prior to the computer taint 
would be to fly out on Monday (4/12), conduct two days of interviews to debrief the victim and discuss testifying at trial, 
Subject: Ex-White House Counsel McGahn Ordered To Testify To House 
Ex-White House Counsel McGahn Ordered To Testify To House 
McGahn must comply with a subpoena to testify in House Democrats’ 
Eastern investors participating, a London jury heard during testimony from 
treatments tried to show through testimony on Wednesday that a difference 
in her own defense and exercising her privilege not to testify against her 
3. A summary of the testimony of each witness is attached: N/A 
testify. 
NAME: , Can Testify to: 
D. Have you ever testified against anyone in court ? ( )YES ( )NO 
3. A summary of the testimony of each witness is attached: N/A 
D. Have you ever testified against anyone in court ? ( )YES ( )NO 
incident. she said she will get torn up on the stand and lose her license if called in to testify about her SRA from yesterday 
incident. she said she will get torn up on the stand and lose her license if called in to testify about her SRA from yesterday 
"1 "Don't pass on malicious gossip. 2 Don't go along with the crowd in doing evil and don't fudge your testimony 
"1 "Don't pass on malicious gossip. 2 Don't go along with the crowd in doing evil and don't fudge your testimony 
testimony Wednesday afternoon or Thursday. We've also set up a prep by phone for 6:30 eastern tomorrow. Does 
me getting into the court room during her testimony? 
when we can prep and also when you might need me to testify. 
Sorry for my late response. | have been out of the office all week. | can testify if need be. Let me know if you 
Thanks, J We'd like to identify a records custodian who could testify, in the event that it would be necessary. 
We'd like someone to sign an affidavit for now, but we'd also like to identify someone who could testify at trial if 
testimony. 
disclose the existence, content, testimony, evidence or results of the arbitration, except as 
limitation (“SOL”). She has been invited to testify and advise legislators in every state where 
that one client's story benefits another client, such as a client who will testify that he or she 
Fw: Re: Testifying / Press Release 
Subject Fw: Re: Testifying / Press Release _ 
Subject: Fw: Re: Testifying / Press Release 
Court may consider the perpetrator's ability to pay. The DA's office may contact you and ask you to testify at the restitution 
such public court proceeding, unless the court, after receiving clear and convincing evidence, determines that testimony by 
the victim would be materially altered if the victim heard other testimony at that proceeding; (4) The right to be reasonably 
witness testimony, (2) impact witnesses’ willingness to testify, (3) prejudice the jury pool “so as 
Evidentiary/Investigative Materials “could influence the testimony of witnesses by providing the 
opportunity for witnesses to shape their testimony to conform with other evidence gathered 
be disinclined to testify if their personal information is released to the public.” (Id. § 14(b)) 
testimony. 
disclosure of the materials at issue could influence witness testimony by “providing the 
opportunity for witnesses to shape their testimony to conform with [what is set forth in the non- 
exposure of this material would influence witness testimony.” (Pltf. Br. (Dkt. No. 62) at 3) 
to testify and give evidence in the following matter: 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of: 
Thanks for the email. If we need to ask you to testify, it will need to be in person, but we don't yet know whether 
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Testifying Witness 3500 
Subject: RE: Testifying Witness 3500 
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Testifying Witness 3500 
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Testifying Witness 3500 
Below is the list of potential testifying witnesses as discussed. Please run rap sheets as discussed. Do you think you could 
guilty verdicts were supported by the witness testimony and documentary evidence presented 
Subject: RE: Testifying Witness 3500 
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Testifying Witness 3500 
I'm looking to track down who did sketches of myself and my partner i aa during the Maxwell trial. She was called to testify for the defense when sketched and | was sketched 
I apologize for not testifying. | was afraid and didn’t want my name more associated with them than it was, and 
exhibits from last week, the transcript of the testimony you 
evidence. Only the testimony of the witnesses and the 
the testimony last week. You also heard testimony from FBI 
copy of the transcript of that testimony. It is up on the 
the civil case in which Maxwell gave deposition testimony on 
deposition testimony on July 22nd, 2016, under the same 
transcript from the testimony that Maxwell gave on 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of: 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
to testify and give evidence in regard to an alleged violation of : 
