Please be advised that I am working with Lily Ann Sanchez and Gerald B. Lefcourt in regard to 
these subpoenas. Accordingly, please feel free to speak‘to or communicate with myself, Ms. 
Wo Your receipt will automatically print out of the kiosk. Please deposit your 
button on your remote control. Please follow the instructions that appear 
If you require assistance with your luggage, please dial ext. 52 and a Bell 
welcoming you back in the future. Please feel free to direct any concerns with 
““PLEASE NOTE AE F WILL BE ASSESSED FOR 
SUBMISSION. PLEASE OBTAIN YOUR RECEIPT FROM THE AIRLINE 
CREDIT CARDS..PLEASE MAKE SURE YOU GET A CANCELLATION 
“PLEASE NOTE A WiLL BE ASSESSED FOR 
SUBMISSION. PLEASE OBTAIN YOUR RECEIPT FROM THE AIRLINE 
CREDIT CARDS.,PLEASE MAKE SURE YOU GET A CANCELLATION 
any questions about it, please call me at ed 
any questions about it, please call me 6 
Special Handling Instructions: Please deliver as soon as possible 
Brief Description of Communication Faxed: Please call me when ready and I will make 
information, disclosure, reproduction, distribution, or use of this information is prohibited (18.USC, § 641). Please notify the 
Subpoena should read as the other credit card GJ Subpoenas. Please incorporate the following 
( Please include the vanations of these names used on other 
Please ensure the below listed individuals are on the Grand Jury list and/or include them. Call 
please state with particularity the reasons for your decision, as required by Section 119.07(2). If 
the exemptions you are claiming only applies to a portion of the records, please delete that 
expedite this request, please call me. 
expedite this request, please call me. 
e plea agreement and plea colloquy clearly reflect that the Defendant was not to be placed 
was seized as evidence. Please note this bath and shower area are not 
Should you have any questions regarding this information please feel free to contact me at your convenience. 
Should you have any questions regarding this information please feel free to contact me at your convenience. 
Should you have any questions regarding this information please feel free to contact me at your convenience. 
“IN Is=[oOls[ImInieleinini«walelfajeai[a[—a[alirplealietitateatrniaiainia 
(However, I know you don’t like tension) Please call me at your earliest convenience. 
TELEPHONED |. | PLEASE CALI 
Oate/time: If you do not receive a Gear transmission, please call; 
PLEASE REMIT To: 
For detailed information about this and other orders, please visit 
Your order of September 4, 2005 (Order ID 103~1737@20-4508648) Pewee oh 2%' _ days for'a full refund (other restrictions apply). Please have 
For detailed information about this and other orders, please visit 
days fora full refund (other restrictions apply). Please have 
(However, know you don’t like tension) Please call me at your earliest convenience. 
Trying again. Please let me know if you still don’t see the face. 
Below is the subject's photo image. Please call me if you have any questions or concems. 
Trying again. Please let me know if you still don’t see the face. 
Below is the subject's photo image. Please call me if you have any questions or concerns. 
your complaint or question in writing, in your letter, please provide the following In: formation: 
rights. If you telt us orally, we may require that you send us your complaint o f question in writing within 10 business days. Please provide the following information: 
PLEASE NOTE: If 2 notice of arror involves an electronic fund transfer the (Was initiated in a foreign location, or was a point-of-sale debit card trarisaction, the time 
To mport a lost or stolen ATM or Check Card, 24 hours a day, seven days e Week ~ please call 877-502-2265. 
your complaint or question in writing. in your letter, please provide the following Information: : . 
PLEASE NOTE: I! a notice of error involves an electronic fund transfer that was initiated in’ foreign location, or was a point-ol-sale debit card transaction, the time 
To report a lost or stolen ATM or Check Card, 24 hours a day, seven days a week - please cal 977-502-2285, . - 
your complaint or question In writing. in your letter, please provide the + following information: 
rights, Ifyou tell us orally, we may require that you sensi us your complaint or question in writing within 10 business days. Please provide the following information: 
PLEASE NOTE: If a notice of error involves an eles ‘tronic fond transter thet was initiated in a foreign location, or was a point-of-sale dabit card transaction, the time 
To report alost or stolen ATM or Check Card, 24 he wrs a day, seven days a week - please call 877-502-2265. 
your complaint or question in writing. In your letter, please provide the following infor-mation: 
fights. Ifyou tell us orally, we may require that you send us your complaint or «uestion in writing within 10 business days. Please provide the tollowing information: 
PLEASE NOTE: Ifa notice of error involves an efactronic fund transfer that w #5 /nitlated in a foreign location, or was a point-of-sale dabit cand transaction, the time 
To report a lost or stolen ATM or Check Card, 24 hours a day, seven days 2a we @k - please call 877-502-2265. 
your complaint of question in writing. In your letter, please provide the following informe ytion: 
Fights, If you tell us orally, we may require thet you send us your complaint or questic » in writing within 10 business days. Please provide the following information: 
PLEASE NOTE: if a notice of error Involves an electronic fund transfer What was Ini Hated in a foreign location, or was 2 point-of-sale debit card transaction, the time 
your complaint or question in writing. In your letter, please provide the following information: 
fights. If you tell us orally, we may require that you send us your Complaint Or question in writing within 10 business days. Please provide the following information: 
PLEASE NOTE: If a notice of error involves an electronic hind transfer tha t was initiated in a foreign location, or was a point-ct-sale debit card trarsaction, the time 
To report a lost or stolen ATM or Check Card, 24 hours a day, seven days? week - please call 877-502-2265. 
your Complaint Of queston In wring. In your letter, please provide the following information: 
rights. If you tell us oraily, we may require that you send us your complaint or question in wrting within 10 business days. Please provide the folowing information: 
PLEASE NOTE: It a notice of error involves an electronic fund traaster that was initiated in # foreign location, or was a point-of-sale debit card transaction, tre tim 
Te report a lost or stolen ATM or Check Card, 24 hours a day, seven days a week ~ please call 877-502-2265. 
your complaint or question In writing. In your letter. please provide the following intormetion: 
fights. i you tel us orally, we may requie het you send us your camplant or questioh In wring witin 10 business éays. Please provide the following information: 
PLEASE NOTE: If a notice of error involves an electronic fund transfer that was ini tiated in a foreign location, or was a point-of-sale debit card transaction, the time 
To report alost or stolen ATM or Check Card, 24 hours a day, seven days a week ~ please call 877-502-2765. 
your complaint or queston in writing. In your letter, please provide the following information: 
rights. If you tell us orally, we may require that you send us your complaint or question in wrting within 10 business days. Please provige tne tofowing informaticn: 
your Complaint or question in writing. In your letter, please provide fhe following infor "ation: 
fights. " you tell us orally, we may require that you send us your complaint or Juestion in writing within 10 business days. Please provide the following nfornation. 
PLEASE NOTE: I 2 notice of error involves an electronic fund transter that #°aS initiated in a foreign locaton, or was a poist-o!-sale debit card transaction, the time 
TELEPHONED |_| PLEASE CALL | | TELEPHONED \"| PLEASE CALL 
| PLEASE CALL 
Feerioneo [Dy YPLEASECALL 
Plea 
if es, please locate these Utility lines on the sketch above. 
(Please choose one and initial below.) 
Please contact Ted’s Sheds 
7 Urgent rReview OPleaseComment OC Please Reply 2 Please Recycle 
Please contact Ted’s 
If you are not already doing so, please begin addressing all legal requests to Cingular Wireless. 
Additionally, effective immediately, please fax all legal requests to Cingular Wireless at 1-888-938-4715. 
you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone to arrange for the return of this communication to us at our 
For general information on IDG Books Worldwide's books in the U.S., please call our Consumer Customer Service depart- 
ment at 800-762-2974, For reseller information, including discounts and premium sales, please call our Reseller Customer 
For information on where to purchase IDG Books Worldwide’s books outside the U.S., please contact our International 
For consumer information on foreign language translations, please contact our Customer Service department at 
For information on licensing foreign or domestic rights, please phone +1-650-655-3109. 
For sales inquiries and special prices for bulk quantities, please contact our Sales department at 650-655-3200 or write to 
For information on using IDG Books Worldwide's books in the classroom or for ordering examination copies, please con- 
For press review copies, author interviews, or other publicity information, please contact our Public Relations depart- 
For authorization to photocopy items for corporate, personal, or educational use, please contact Copyright Clearance 
All the folks at IDG have been a pleasure to work with because they are smart and they have 
bottles of wine everywhere they go, and for offering me the pleasure of sharing the success 
We're proud of this book; please register your comments through our IDG Books Worldwide Online 
Massage for sensual pleasure ............ccssssssssssssesssssssssesesseretneertereneeeene 
Slip-sliding away: The pleasures Of gliding .............ccscssseseeesseneseenes 138 
PMS (Please Massage Som) ........cccsscsessssssesssenssesesssesesssnensstacanenees 279 
me to value some of life's simple pleasures, like massage. 
can enjoy it, recreating one of the greatest pleasures of the jet-set 
more than increased pleasure and greater health in your everyday life. What I 
enjoy the benefits and pleasures that await you with massage. I describe how 
you can invite healthy pleasure into your life, choose the right style of mas- 
easy pointers to make your reading experience as pleasurable as possible. 
to steve@royaltreatment.com. I'll be most pleased to hear how your jour- 
around the world have enjoyed its benefits and pleasures 
be so sumptuously pleasurable. 
Massage for sensual pleasure 
you were six years old and mud puddles were sources of unending pleasure. 
You can give a nice, pleasant rubdown without knowing a thing about what 
pleasures of massage without guilt, and offer techniques 
> Obtaining healthy pleasure 
the world of massage. Here you'll find out how to accept the pleasures of 
Healthy Pleasure 
noses up at its pleasures as if they were too good for it. Others shy away from 
tude so:many people have.concerning pleasure 
What if pleasure — not.the:medicine — made 
pleasure is-a major ingredient in the expression 
pleasure to be-healthy, and receiving massage 
rience pleasure without any negative side 
Mas-sage: (n.) the pleasure that relieves the 
of massage as pleasurable medicine, you will be 
the pleasures without any of the negative side effects. That's right, there's not 
than sensual pleasure. 
health benefits, and pleasure. 
Drum roll please .. . and the contact numbers are: 
because the students are trying extra hard to please you (and pass their 
Please release me, let me go... 
none. Zero. However, the line is indeed thin between the pleasure you receive 
experiences were so unpleasant that you filed them away in your uncon- 
be missing some of the most pleasurable moments of your life. Who wants to 
While spas are often pleasant and luxurious, there are a couple things you 
Privacy, please 
with.pleasure either like many massage Clients 
irresistible pleasure. Your fingertips and palms will be sought after by friends, 
Please don’t do that 
When a person says, “Please don’t do that,” then don’t do that. This is espe- 
Slip-sliding away: The pleasures of gliding 
kneading, in my opinion, produces the most pleasurable sensations of all the 
fun, pleasure, and relief from stress, Some of them even have names and 
please” instead of “flip” 
apeutic or pleasurable. Then, during -her next 
ficial and pleasurable massage moves here. 
from the pleasure of the experience. 
| —_ little “pleasurable pain”: At the same time, don't overdo it — self- 
progress to a point that makes your work unpleasant or even impossible. 
foot massage to give your partner a little extra pleasure. Cradling feels so 
intense, and leaving your partner with some nice, pleasurable sensa- 
enjoyment, pleasure, and health in your life. Massage truly 
Exercise ...a day of pleasure 
you're the type who disdains pleasure and 
why not plan an entire day of spa pleasures?’ 
actually quite pleasurable. As singer/songwriter Jimmy Buffet says, “Put in a 
they crave oxygen, or light. So, when you add to that the pleasure it provides, 
skin, providing extra pleasure that makes him want to stay in one place 
deliciously pleasurable move and smile when you approach him with 
PMS (Please Massage Soon) 
Few people realize that the real words behind the acronym PMS are “please 
pleasure as a woman enters this stage of life. Massage is extremely beneficial 
The facial and the full day of spa pleasures | outline in Chapter 15 are sure to 
Little devices that buzz and vibrate can be quite a pleasurable addition to a 
The fine ends of your soft, silky hair can be instruments of exquisite pleasure. 
| once had:the pleasure of massaging Dr. Ruth 
pleasures and health benefits of this ancient art, called Nuad Bo-Rarn in 
for some of the most pleasurable explorations of your life. 
> Pleasing your pet with massage 
within the cavern of the ear, exploring for new areas of pet pleasure. 
pleasure. 
Capellini, Steve, The Royal Treatment: How You Can Take Home the Pleasures 
Daybreak Geriatric Massage Project: 216 Pleasant Hill Ave. N., Sebastopol, 
pleasure, healthy, 65-67 
sensual pleasure, massage for, 22, 283-290 
eG. Could you please state and spell your full name 
Q. Could you please describe that property for the 
Q. Could you please describe that property for the 
Q. Turning to slide 7. Could you please explain for 
a female friend for you, please call back as soon as 
could turn to slide 14, please. What do we see here? 
p.m. but she needs talk to you before that. Please call her 
says: Please call her. 
Q. Could you please state and spell your name for 
TELEPHONED | PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED | PLEASE CALL 
{PLEASE CALL 
Can you please state your full name for the 
Q. If you could please turn to the first slide. Who 
Q. Can you please describe that property for the 
Q. Could you please describe that property for the 
A. GRR described Epstein as being more pleasant to 
Q. If you could please just page through the next two 
Q. If you could turn to the next slide, please. Have 
please explain for the grand jury what we're looking at on 
Q. If you could turn to slide 17. Can you please 
Q. Could you please describe for the grand jury what 
Q. Could you please describe for the grand jury what 
Q. Could you please explain for the grand jury what 
Q. If you could turn to the next slide, please. Is 
Q. If you could please turn to the next slide. 
Q. Again, I'll read the questions if you could please 
If you could please turn to the next slide. This 
I'll read the questions if you could please 
Please keep in mind though that what I say is not 
concerns about the proposed indictment, please let me know 
Q. Would you please state your name for the record? 
Q. I'm going to ask you to please keep your voice up, 
other witnesses, or see particular documents, please let me 
Q. I'd like to ask you to please pick up what should 
Q. "If you could please turn to the first slide. Who 
Q. "Can you please describe that property for the 
Q. "Could you please describe that property for the 
you to please keep your voice up. Try to shout into the 
pleasant to work with prior to Maxwell coming into the 
QO. "If you could please just page through the next 
QO. "Tf you could turn to the next slide, please. 
please explain for the grand jury what we're looking at on 
Q. "Could you please describe for the grand jury what 
Q. "Could you please describe for the grand jury what 
Q. "Could you please explain for the grand jury, what 
"Tf you could turn to the next slide please. 
Q. "If you could please turn to the next slide. Is 
please read the answers." 
Q. "If you could please turn to the next slide. This 
please read the answers." 
the witness please be excused. 
toy to pleasure herself, and she had said no. 
Q. Would you please describe for the grand jury what 
Q. Would you please walk the grand jury through what 
Q. I'd like to ask you to please walk the grand jury 
Q. Would you please walk the grand jury through these 
Q. Would you please explain to the grand jury what 
Would you please walk the grand jury through 
Would you please walk the grand jury through 
Q. Would you please describe for the grand jury, 
I'll ask that the witness please be excused. 
TELEPHONED PLEASE CALL 
via my emall: Please let Jeffray know that If he intends to 
. Can you please state your full name 
Q. If you could please turn to the first slide. Who 
Q. Can you please describe that property for the 
Q. Could you please describe that property for the 
A. (§BBMB described Epstein as being more pleasant to 
QO. If you could please just page through the next two 
Q. If you could turn to the next slide, please. Have 
please explain for the grand jury what we're looking at on 
Q f yo sould turn to slide 1] an 4 please 
Q. Could you please describe for the grand jury what 
Could you please describe for the grand jury what 
Q. Could you please explain for the grand jury what 
QO. If you could turn to the next slide, please. Is 
Q. If you could please turn to the next slide. Is 
Q. Again, I'll read the questions if you could please 
Q. If you could please turn to the next slide. This 
Q. Again, I'1l read the questions if you could please 
the state plea arrangement, that pretty much the only thing 
the office in the first place if -- you know, if he had plead 
gun, they go federal, and it's like, please don't do that. 
Pretty please don't do that. 
what drove the timing of the plea offer? In other words, why 
approving a resolution that had him pleading to certain state 
of entry of the plea, sort of ministerial, is what was 
well as the case agents was to present the plea offer. And 
did you get briefed on how that plea offer went? 
Square with your decision that a state plea is how this case 
The two year plea to the state charges seemed 
Q ~~ in the agreement to explore a federal plea -- 
giveaway; we should stick with a five year federal plea? 
It was a done deal. The person was ready to plead 
a criminal plea? 
the term sheet became one. So, suddenly Epstein was to plead 
him plead to one as opposed to all three had no impact on 
trying to pull a fast one by agreeing wholeheartedly to plead 
reasoning for the two year plea as being what Epstein would 
you and your team that the -- or, getting to a plea deal was 
Q On the plea? 
with a federal plea, but eventually she and the defense 
say, I did this, and plead. 
plea agreement -- the federal plea agreement -- 
Q And this would have been the plea agreement -- not 
the federal plea agreement, not the -- or was this about the 
not comfortable moving forward with the plea agreement? 
this seems to be fairly typical sort of plea agreement 
any federal plea agreement, which is, this agreement 
to use -- so, as I recall, if he did not plead, then there 
his guilty plea and be sentenced no later than the -- 
The U.S. should seek to ensure that the plea, which 
basis, and they get waivers from the defendant when his plea 
We always make them clearly admit their guilt, no nolo pleas. 
about the date for Epstein's plea. 
plea agreement. 
Q Please. 
A -- e-mails from na is, can you please come on 
entered his guilty plea and thus rendered the agreement 
the disposition, the plea agreement, or the NPA. 
resolution of the case, the state plea, and the result of the 
victims about the upcoming state plea that happens in 
the state resolution and plea, inviting them to come. 
victims of the state plea, and agreeing with the defense to 
on -- after the plea in July. Well, we have the draft I'm 
letter was clearly meant to be sent after the plea as per the 
there was an agreement for him to plead, that there was an 
a very -- it was I think on a Friday, and he was pleading on 
Jeffrey Epstein would plead in court or not. 
please? And that -- the first little paragraph there, when 
that paragraph to yourself, please? 
change of plea and sentencing that will occur on -- well, at 
agree that that's inviting victims to come to the state plea? 
A All right. Well, the plea never -- it's scheduled 
please? And this is a December 11th, 2007 letter from Ken 
state plea, is -- why not just combine the two of them in the 
to the state plea, and here's -- 
Q -- the date of the state plea? 
can we look at page three, please? There is -- if you could 
read the first paragraph on page three to yourself, please? 
before the now scheduled July 4th plea date. That said, the 
THE WITNESS I'm sorry, the January 4th plea date. 
scheduled July -- January 4th plea date that this is not an 
because is that saying please appeal me, or is that saying -- 
holidays. There's a January 4th plea date. This should not 
division, because I -- I see it says please reach to WERE to 
the case was going to be -- that the -- that the plea was 
the state plea. That's -- and that will end that part of the 
A That he would be pleading on Monday, and that at 
be pleading, and that that would terminate the federal 
Q And so, you -- you're saying that the state plea 
five days prior to the plea in this case. 
Q Or, the state court plea, and the attachment there, 
letter was to be sent after the plea. 
pleading -- that he would be pleading in state court. 
received a copy of Epstein's proposed state plea agreement, 
and learned that Epstein's state court change of plea was 
potential plea for that Monday? 
a-- an attempt to schedule a plea in all that, how can there 
characterized as our approving a state plea, and -- 
A -- the complexity of this case was a state plea, 
Share it. So, after the Jessie Smollett plea in Chicago, 
and said, whether or not the state takes this plea, we may 
investigate this federally, and sort of stopped that plea 
our general position is, you're pleading in state court to 
his state court plea would be public, and his registration 
A -- he would have gone in and plead and taken his 
So, would you tell us your name, please? 
events, would you please give us a general overview of what 
it with a two-year state plea that ultimately became an 18 -- 
Q -- I mean, yeah, a two year state plea that 
Q -- an 18 month state plea. 
State attorney had negotiated a plea, and that the reason 
that we looked at it was that that plea was going to be -- 
plea that was going to be taken was a charge that didn't 
that last prong was -- was why a two year state plea. In 
plea? What's the -- 
what would the original plea have -- you know, what would the 
language, a plea that did not include jail time or 
therefore, "please do not commit us to anything at this 
counts to make a plea attractive," and the court could give 
can indict and have the defendant plead to the indictment, or 
you can indict and work a post-indictment plea deal, which 
resolve this case with an offer of a two year state plea, and 
talk to Lilly Ann Sanchez about working a plea to federal 
plea with jail time and sex offender status may satisfy the 
about this soft -- that's my term -- plea offer that Raa 
Bea representation that in her view the plea offer 
views should have been solicited before a plea offer was 
that the views of victims should be elicited before a plea 
because you're saying plea offer, and the CVRA does talk to 
plea offers as opposed to a situation where deferring 
than a plea offer, and at the time, that was not a, it must. 
state plea. 
we expected him to plead shortly after that, and he did not. 
notify, because it's not a plea, it's deferring in favor of a 
because this was not an indictment, it was not a plea, and 
short of a plea that involves charges in state court. How do 
that was an all-encompassing plea, that that state court 
defendants go to trial, or plead to the indictment. You can 
against a certain plea with registration that would make sure 
want to ask you a question about 11CICc, please, that you 
pleas in an 11C1C plea agreement? 
Q -- plea agreements? 
to plead guilty did just that. It was a solicitation to 
enter into a plea agreement with a five year cap, and it -- 
it is a C1C plea, and the handwritten notes indicate that the 
requirement in the office that plea dispositions should be 
A -- on a plea disposition, I would think that they 
practice of memorializing to me what plea dispositions would 
MS. Beem Call it, please, at any time. 
would be a plea to a criminal charge with, for sake of 
plea. 
a federal plea -- 
pleads guilty -- contender to an information follow -- 
have done it with a federal plea, serving time -- 
A Arguably, we could have done it with a federal plea 
Would you please swear in the witness to 
for you now. If you could please step outside, I'll 
THE FOREPERSON: Thank you. Please be 
please state and spell your name for the record? 
THE FOREPERSON: Thank you Please be 
please. 
please. 
3 please. 
19 28, please. 
14 Q Yes, please do. 
THE FOREPERSON: Thank you. Please be 
Q special agent MMM, please state and 
Q Can you spell your last name, please. 
to the visiting room at any time. Please see below in 
on bail and co-defendants at MCC New York. Please indicate which 
attorney represents each inmate. Also, please include with the 
York will begin gathering the requested documents. Please be 
Lock Box. Please see instructions at the following address: 
employee or your student, complete and sign the enclosed questionnaire. Please answer the 
sponsoring attorney execute the Attorney's Statement at the end of the questionnaire. Please return 
8. Have you ever been charged with a criminal offense? If yes, please briefly summarize 
Please be advised that it is the responsibility of the Private Investigator to make her/his sponsoring 
Please be advised that it is the responsibility of the Mitigation Specialist/ Doctors to make her/his 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Not a problem. I’ve attached the indictment. The other filings are on docket 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)— please let me know if 
Please use dial in I with passcode yy. 
PY please let me know if this time doesn't work—j has availability tomorrow 
Please use dial in ———e with passcode a. 
BE, please let me know if this time doesn’t work—[j has availability tomorrow as well. Thanks. 
Please use dial in I with passcode yy. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
we’ve previously conveyed, and please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us 
could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your client 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (RM). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and 
Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
vendors you have used in the past please? 
I’ve copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
of the capital phase of Tartaglione’s trial. Have you been able to locate the document, and if so, can you please email to us 
could please provide [ij statement in a separate pdf with whatever attribution she is comfortable with. We will plan 
ror, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF}] 
Hello IJ — please let me know if the attached works for your filing or if you would like it in a different format. Thank 
Here is the statement from Please let me know if you need anything else. 
Do you have any notes and/or records from your meeting with If so can you please 
| the facts very well. Please include Sigrid in any follow-up that you 
Please let us know what other information we can provide or if you have any 
lead attorneys on the case and knows both | the facts very well. Please includ in any 
Please let us know what other information we can provide or if you have any further questions. 
As discussed, attached is the letter that | plan to file this evening. Please let me know if there is anything you would like to 
positions on the redactions in each brief are set forth below. Please confirm that the proposed course of action with 
Please let me know if you would like to discuss. 
We can confirm for 3:00 pm EST tomorrow. Please use the following dial-in number: 
any redactions are necessary to the letter. Assuming you agree, will you please docket the letter since you wrote the 
letter? If you would like to discuss, please let us know. 
As to the redactions to the undocketed Reply Briefs and certain exhibits you proposed being filed under seal, below please 
find our position for inclusion in a letter. If you would like to discuss tomorrow, please let us know. 
We are generally available tomorrow (Tuesday) for a call. Please let me know a time that works from your end and I can 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
Attached please find a letter regarding the redactions to the defense’s reply briefs, which has been filed on ECF in the 
above-referenced case. Also attached please find two exhibits setting forth the Government's proposed redactions. 
or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please 
courthouse. Please see the attached instructions. Completing the questionnaire ahead of time 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller II is 
conditions of confinement at the MDC (See Dkt. No. 49 at 2-3). Please let me know if there is a different order to which 
Please explain why she cannot be moved to the cell in the 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please explain why she cannot be moved to the cell in the 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. 
if | brought both the laptop and hard drive to the MDC tomorrow instead of just the laptop today, please? 
reviewing discovery produced from my office. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter, which | will 
hand deliver with the laptop. | am available to make this delivery tomorrow. Would you please let me know what 
retrieve the laptop. Please let me know if that i if | should take any different steps. 
Enclosed please find a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509), an inmate at 
discovery, please permit her to use the accompanying charger to ensure that the laptop remains 
operational throughout her review periods. Please also permit Ms. Maxwell to review the contents 
Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or concerns. Thank you for your 
Hey Will, could you please ask for this hard drive from IT? Thank you! 
Following up on the below, in addition to asking {J to please bring whatever materials she has from that 
time, could you please ask her to bring any photos she has of herself from when she knew Epstein — or if she has 
As we also talked about, when we meet with her we'd like to ask her to please bring the materials she described 
Please let us know if you or she has any questions about any of this at all, and we look forward to meeting with 
Thanks very much again, and please express our appreciation oii for meeting with us again, we really 
Attached is an update on the progress of the Epstein investigation. Please keep this memo on close hold given the 
Not that you need more work, but if you want to review please do. 
Please find attached a letter from OPR Director EE regarding OPR’s draft report regarding the handling of the 
the memo we circulated last night, that everyone will want to see these, but if that’s not the case, please let us know. 
transferred. Could you please fill in the two columns I’ve added, L and M, indicating which devices have been fully 
transferred to us, and for the ones that are not fully transferred, the estimated time for completion? If you could please 
And separately, could you please let me know what times you’re available for a call tomorrow? It would be helpful to 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, {. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
have a chance, can you please confirm? If so, | think let’s reproduce as 3521-003 an 3521-004, but let me know if you 
Can you please confirm whether that was intentional, and if not, provide it? 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate to reach out if 
Judge Nathan has granted the parties additional time on two sets of supplemental briefing. Please see the 
Attached please find a fact witness travel request for another witness in the Maxwell nn! ii We think he 
Please let me know if you have any questions, and thank you so much for your help. 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. In 
to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter and indices. 
Attached please find an order issued by Judge Nathan, which will be filed on the docket tomorrow morning. 
Attached please find an unredacted copy of the Government's letter motion filed today (Dkt. No. 455), along with a copy 
Attached please find the completed research on the next 40 jurors and typed-up VD notes from ae. me. 
you could please get through the next 40 jurors tonight so the team has whatever research you can 
Can you please let a= know what would be most helpful to you in advance of tomorrow (e.g., how many 
Please note that Rule 17(c) (attached) provides that a subpoena for the production of certain information about a victim 
have a moment to discuss please feel free to reach out to my cell number below. 
Attached please find a corrected version of Dkt. No. 453. The Government has added one redaction, covering the name 
Chambers has instructed criminal docketing to remove Dkt. No. 453. Please submit a corrected version by 
Attached please find a letter motion to determine that the Minor Victims’ Birth certificates are self-authenticating, in 
talk tomorrow, please let us know. 
with our standard response, we will simply advise the writer to contact the FBI. Please let me know if you have 
cous you please add this to NTW 3500? Thanks. 
with our standard response, we will simply advise the writer to contact the FBI. Please let me know if you have 
BR cous you please add this to NTW 3500? Thanks. 
with our standard response, we will simply advise the writer to contact the FBI. Please let me know if you have 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
I'd be grateful if you could drop me line with some responses within the next 48 hours if at possible please. 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and 
Could one of you please just let me know what discovery needs to be loaded onto it (or since which date) since I’ve been 
please? Or if not, any chance you could point us to someone who would be able to help find the drive? 
Did you drop off a hard drive today? If so, would you please let me know to whom it was addressed? [fond l are 
off a hard drive to you on Monday. Please reload those productions onto the hard drive and send it to Ms. Maxwell in 
MDC. If the additional non-testifying 3500 material is ready to be produced, please include that on the drive. 
Attached please find a fact witness travel request for another witness in the Maxwell ri iii | expect he'll 
just flagging that there is a chance that we will need to change his travel. Please let us know if you have any questions. 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
solely of the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. In 
to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter and indices. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailing 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed index, and the enclosed materials are govemed 
you could please send us the language you'd like us to add by tomorrow evening, we can finalize and file it. 
please bring extra drives to the hearing, along the lines we've discussed? If it’s easier to mail them (or if it would be an 
Please send us your proposals by COB today. Jeff and Laura are traveling today for the hearing and we need the chance to 
Hi— can you please add t 
password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate to reach out if 
Attached please find a sealed memorandum opinion and order issued by Judge Nathan. It will be docketed 
talk her through), please feel free to edit/update. 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Response to the Government’s Motion /n Limine to 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please contact me with any questions. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: 
Please have the agent fill out the attached form. | will also need to know if the she has an IPhone or Android phone as it is 
Could you please assist us in obtaining a Relativity token for a an FBI analyst working on this case with us? 
' For additional information on mobile device exemptions, please refer to the Department of Justice Mobile Device and Mobile 
? For additional information, please refer to the Department of Justice Secure Use of Wireless Networks FAQ at 
* For additional information on foreign travel requirements, please refer to the Foreign Travel Laptop Use and Foreign Travel 
information on the use of mobile devices during foreign travel, please refer to the Mobile Device and Mobile Application 
* For additional information, please refer to the Department of Justice Secure Use of Wireless Networks FAQ at 
for Privileged Users. If you have questions related to this ROB, please contact your Help Desk, 
* For additional guidance on PII, please refer to Information Technology Security, DOJ Order 2640.2F 
* For disposal guidance, please refer to Records Management, DOJ Order 2710.11 
’ For additional information on disclosure of federal taxpayer information, please refer to /nternal Revenue Code Sec. 7213 and 
Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be 
Attached please find a fact witness travel request for another witness in the Maxwell ol | expect he'll 
not know that is coming up to NY to testify. So would you please make sure tha stays at a hotel that is far 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government’s Motion /n Limine to 
Attached is a draft of the joint letter. Please note that we've joined the defense’s position with respect to the prospective 
Please let me know when you're ready to exchange the last batch of juror questionnaire positions. We have prepared 
are available for pickup. If you could please send us your list of objections by tomorrow at 1 p.m., we can handle putting 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Letters in Response to (1) The Government's 
Please note that Rule 17(c) (attached) provides that a subpoena for the production of certain information about a victim 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
valid "need to know" without prior approval from the appropriate management official. Please notify the sender if this 
Following up on the below, and for the same case — US ff Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618) — could we please load the 
And | don’t believe there is DVD information (as in the “BSF first production” documents), but if there is, please let us 
know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US J Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
Relativity (“BSF second production” under “BSF returns”), please. I’m sending them in a separate folder link so that they 
Please note there are a few things from that folder that do NOT need to be uploaded — the folder titled “!Original Zips” 
As always, please let me know if any questions or issues, and thanks very much. 
Following up on the below, and for the same case — US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618) — could we please load the 
And | don’t believe there is DVD information (as in the “BSF first production” documents), but if there is, please let us 
know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
Relativity (“BSF second production” under “BSF returns”), please. I’m sending them in a separate folder link so that they 
Please note there are a few things from that folder that do NOT need to be uploaded — the folder titled “!Original Zips” 
As always, please let me know if any questions or issues, and thanks very much. 
Following up on the below, and for the same case — US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618) — could we please load the 
And | don’t believe there is DVD information (as in the “BSF first production” documents), but if there is, please let us 
know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
meeting and they will take my phone. Would you please respond to my message below prior to that time in order that | 
schedule tomorrow. Please advise if you want to interview her there at 11:A.M or 11:30.at the end of their meeting or 
Ok thanks, please keep us posted. We are happy to accommodate [ij schedule. 
did it that way. If so, please send us the number to dial. Daniel from my co counsel Marianne Wang’s office will also 
hopefully help coordinate travel. Would you please provide [jj with your new client's name as it appears on her 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Yes, thanks — could you please make these bookings: 
Nov. 4, conference room reservation at Hilton West Palm Beach (if you could please have me be listed as the contact 
| think that’s everything, but please let me know if I’m forgetting anything or if any other info would be useful, and thanks 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Final voucher 10894369(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
This is an automated email notification. Please do not respond to this email address. This mailbox is not 
information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete 
Q2: Have you completed your travel reservations? If yes, please 
any other transportation reservations. If no, please STOP and 
Q3: Have you already obtained OIA’s approval? If yes, please 
requirement for an official passport? If yes, please attach the 
Q8: For the passport under which you will be traveling, please provide the following data: 
years? If yes, please attach the training certificate if you are 
If yes, please attach the training certificate, if you are traveling 
State Department through the eCC system? If yes, please attach 
arding travel, please provide their names, titles, organizations and contact information. 
| Q22: If U.S. Embassy or consular personnel have been involved, please provide their names, 
to administer an oath) or if office space at an Embassy or consulate is required, please specify. If 
the Embassy is coordinating lodging, please include your credit card information. 
required in the foreign country, please provide specific details about when and where services 
| Q25: Please include any other comments or details that would help the Department of State 
Q30: Who are the primary points of contact for the conference event or training program? Please 
Q31: Please provide the names, titles, offices, districts, telephone numbers, and email addresses 
Q32: Please provide the case name, USAO number, and court docket number. 
| Q35: Please list the names and nationalities of persons to be interviewed or deposed, including 
| Q37: Is a host country government official to be deposed or interviewed? Please provide name, 
authorities prepared to cooperate? Please explain in detail and reference the names, titles, and 
Q39: Please provide the names, titles, offices, districts, telephone numbers, and email addresses 
If you have any questions about foreign travel, please contact the EOUSA RMP Travel Unit by emailing USAEO- 
Please ignore this version, | will be circulating a revised version with some additional content tomorrow morning. 
Please let me know if you have any questions, or if you’d like me to walk you through how to use the document, in case it 
In the meantime, your copy of the new discovery production is ready for pickup at 1 St. Andrews. Attached please find the 
Please see the attached letter. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
offered plea deal but declined.” 
Could you please provide me with the name and contact information for your press official in charge of handling matters 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller II is 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
Please note that we will interpret a repeat of your client’s offer to answer written questions relevant to the Maxwell 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
the period 1994 to 1997. Please let us know if our understanding is incorrect. 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
Please find attached an extract from The Decision Procedure and Penalties manual (DEPP 7) from the Financial 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 020 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
above-described regulations. If you choose to submit a written request, please send it directly to 
Please contact me once you have had a chance to review this letter if you would like to 
Just resent (and sorry for the delay!)—please let me know if the email doesn’t come through. Thanks. 
a CD or thumb drive, but please let us know what works for you. On the subject of documents relating to J 
think a call would be helpful to discuss, please let us know. 
Please see response regarding subpoena for Ghislaine Maxwell. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank 
is not authorized and is strictly prohibited. If you have received this electronic mail message in error, please 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any further questions on 
All of the data has been loaded to Relativity and is available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Relativity (“BSF second production” under “BSF returns”), please. I’m sending them in a separate folder link so that they 
Please note there are a few things from that folder that do NOT need to be uploaded — the folder titled “!Original Zips” 
As always, please let me know if any questions or issues, and thanks very much. 
Following up on the below, and for the same case — US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618) — could we please load the 
And | don’t believe there is DVD information (as in the “BSF first production” documents), but if there is, please let us 
know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this e-mail. 
any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this e-mail. 
Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this 
Hs on it. Can | please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? 
and Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
have any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of 
and Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
have any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of 
Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it’s our understanding that hard drives with discovery 
Jeffrey Epstein a favorable plea deal in 2007. The documents were unsealed in a civil case brought by 
, an Epstein victim, against Ghislaine Maxwell, his alleged madam. Please email or call me o 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
Thanks! Could you please both fill out the attached form? There’s a mask mandate in federal buildings regardless of 
We’re sorting out some logistics for tomorrow related to pandemic protocols. Could you please let me know whether 
We are set to be there this Friday. Please let me know what time you want to start and where we should go. 
Thanks, that sounds like a plan. Could you please send me the information below for J travel? 
videoconference shortly. Please let us know if you have any tech issues/questions about WebEx. 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
continue to view her status as we’ve previously conveyed, and please let us know if any issues arise on 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
please let us know, we’re happy to be flexible. 
you could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (MM). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at Please call me when 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer 
discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
convenience as | am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best 
We agree. Attached please find a draft joint letter to the Court conveying the parties’ position. Please let us know if you 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
OCME asked whether we could send them a copy of the redacted autopsy report. Could you please send me a copy of it 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
OCME asked whether we could send them a copy of the redacted autopsy report. Could you please send me a copy of it 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
Attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government’s letter motion requesting that the Court approve the enclosed 
Pursuant to the Court’s August 21 order, attached please find the Government's letter. 
Attached please find a memo endorsement from Judge Karas. 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
| hope all is well. Can you please bring this letter to the attention of the judge? Note that | copied the lawyer for the MCC 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
I’ve copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
PCU — Please join me in congratulating i on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA [EE for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
responsive to your request. Please find electronic versions of these documents enclosed. The 
Please contact me once you have had a chance to review this letter if you would like to 
Please let me know if you have any issues opening the file. 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA [EE for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Good morning) | just left you a voice mail. When you have a couple of minutes, please call me tC 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC 
Please provide the following information for open or closed individual, joint, or 
NOTE: When producing results for multiple accounts in electronic form, please produce 
Please include in your response related or affiliated accounts identified by name, address, Social 
executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. PLEASE PROVIDE IN 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA [EE for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
Please provide me a time for tomorrow that | can call you to walk you through the analysis. 
With apologies for the delay, please see attached. Thanks al 
Please see the attached draft remarks from the FBI. I looked them over quickly and they seem to track ours pretty 
matter jurisdiction in fact, irrespective of the pleadings.” In resolving a factual 
jurisdiction] by looking to matters outside the pleadings, and we do not accord any presumptive 
Prosecution Agreement — which by its terms induced Epstein to, inter alia, plead guilty to state 
reliance on promises in Non-Prosecution Agreement led to his guilty plea to state charges and his 
262 (1971) (“[W]hen a plea rests in any significant degree on a promise or agreement of the 
process requires the government to adhere to the terms of any plea bargain or immunity 
of Epstein’s guilty plea and the resulting judgment of conviction -which were induced in part by 
PLEA IN THE CIRCUIT COURT 
I understand I have the right to appeal all matters relating to the charge(s) and, unless I plea Guilty or No Contest, 
1 understand that if I am not a United States Citizen, my plea may subject me to deportation pursuant to the laws and 
serve under the sentence to be imposed. Further, I understand that this plea may be used to enhance future criminal 
I offer my plea freely and voluntarily and of my own accord, with full understanding of all matters set forth in the 
pleadings and this waiver. [ ] 
above. I hereby waive and give up each of them in order to enter my plea to the within charge(s). I understand that 
plea should I desire to do so. 
possible defenses to the charge(s). I concur with his/her decision to waive the rights and to enter this plea. I further stipulate that this document 
PLEA IN THE CIRCUIT COURT 
Plea: Guilty X 
The Defendant must provide a DNA sample in court at the time of this plea. 
Date of Plea ae. Defendant 
entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere, regardiess of whether adjudication is withheld, 
involving [a] . . . plea.” The notification further stated that, “[a]t this time, your case is under 
airplane. I just want to make sure that there is a factual basis for the plea that the agents can 
including a proposed plea agreement for Epstein to plead guilty to assaulting one of his 
about having Epstein plead guilty to obstruction of justice for pressuring one of his co-conspirators 
coverage significantly.” They also discussed having Epstein plead guilty to a second charge of 
“Please send [a document] to my home e-mail address — [redacted] and give me a call on my cell 
stating: “Please keep this confidential because these are minor victims. This is a preliminary list.” 
prosecutor stating: “{J— Please do whatever you can to keep this [i.e., the NPA] from becoming 
of Epstein’s: “In consideration of Epstein’s agreement to plead guilty and to provide compensation 
what crimes Mr. Epstein is pleading guilty to and the amount of time that has been 
more press coverage) if they proceed outside the Terms of the plea agreement. (Sorry — I just 
Office and asked whether he could get a copy of the indictment or plea agreement to find out 
guilty plea and what judge that will be in front of? I know the agents and | would really like to 
met in person with Jane Doe |. They explained that Epstein would plead guilty to state charges, he 
about Epstein’s plea to state charges that was part of the NPA: 
in the NPA, including that because Epstein’s plea of guilty to state charges was “part of the 
victims before Epstein entered his plea or had been sentenced. Lefkowitz also told the Government 
acceptance ofa plea. 42 U.S.C. 10607(c)(3). Just as in 18 U.S.C. 3771, these sections 
Agreement resolves the federal investigation by allowing Mr. Epstein to plead to a 
regarding the entry of Epstein’s guilty plea in state court. (DE 407 at 4107.) According to I. 
the line prosecutor only told him that Epstein was pleading guilty to state solicitation of prosecution. 
He was not told that the state plea was related to the federal investigation or that the state plea would 
guilty plea in the past tense: “On June 30, 2008, Jeffrey Epstein ... entered a plea of guilty to 
state court.” (DE 407 at § 113.) Also after the plea, the line prosecutor emailed the assistant state 
that Epstein’s state guilty plea affected her rights in any way. If she had been told that the state 
plea had some connection to blocking the prosecution of her case, she would have attended and 
tried to object to the judge to prevent that plea from going forward. (Jane Doe | Decl. {| 13.) 
to the NPA when the Government filed its responsive pleading to Jane Doe’s emergency petition. 
stating “the United States has agreed to defer federal prosecution in favor of this state plea and 
that the state plea would extinguish the federal case. Petitioners also claim the Government 
assume that Epstein would plead guilty; and the line prosecutor contacted Petitioners’ attorneys 
about the state court plea hearing. The Government also claims it did not violate the right to 
involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding. 
(9) The right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or deferred 
particular statutory enforcement provision expressly refers to the reopening of a plea or sentence. 
binding effect of the NPA was contingent upon Epstein pleading guilty to the state charges, that 
Government’s intention to forego federal prosecution of Epstein in deference to him pleading 
section 3771(a)(9), which gave victims the “right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea 
certain events, such as plea agreements or deferred prosecution agreements, must be conveyed to 
interpreting the CVRA to require, such as entitlement to notice of a plea bargain. See In re Dean, 
a plea bargain”); United States v. Okun, No. CRIM. 3:08CR132, 2009 WL 790042, at *2 (E.D. 
accepting of plea agreements). 
agreements, and only informed of the more common events of plea bargains or deferred 
plea agreements, the CVRA provides victims with rights prior to the acceptance of plea 
plea agreement entered into without notice. When a plea agreement is entered into without 
resolve a case with a plea to a less serious charge. These considerations are 
were being resolved with a state court guilty plea in conjunction with the NPA. 
involved a plea agreement that the court would have to accept or reject; here, 
open a plea” under 18 U.S.C. § 3771(d)(5) do not apply here because rescission of 
a non-prosecution agreement is not a request to re-open a plea, Doc. 458 at 9, but 
agreement is akin to re-opening a plea. Doc. 189 at 7-9. Petitioners thus embrace 
rescission of plea agreement was only permissible remedy when defendant was 
induced to enter plea based on mistake of law); Craig v. People, 986 P.2d 951, 966 
(Colo. 1990) (noting that if plea was induced by illegal promise, proper remedy 
was defendant's option to withdraw from plea agreement in its entirety); State v. 
Garcia, 582 N.W.2d 879, 882 (Minn. 1998) (holding that if plea agreement could 
plea agreement); State v. Wall, 502 S.E.2d 585, 588 (N.C. 1998) (same); Ex parte 
S.E.2d 891, 897 (W.Va. 2002) (“[A] plea agreement which cannot be fulfilled 
I am out of the office today, Friday, June 28. If you need assistance today, please contact I at 
I am out of the office today, Friday, June 28. If you need assistance today, please contact [at 
Thanks! Could you please both fill out the attached form? There’s a mask mandate in federal buildings regardless of 
We’re sorting out some logistics for tomorrow related to pandemic protocols. Could you please let me know whether 
We are set to be there this Friday. Please let me know what time you want to start and where we should go. 
Thanks, that sounds like a plan. Could you please send me the information below for J travel? 
videoconference shortly. Please let us know if you have any tech issues/questions about WebEx. 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
interim, we do continue to view her status as we've previously conveyed, and please let us know if any 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
that date, please let us know, we’re happy to be flexible. 
if you could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (MM). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your 
discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
convenience as I am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is 
1 this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and permanently delete it and 
lf you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and permanently delete it and 
d this communication in error, please r 
Comments: Please fax the flying time wire to Insured Aircraft Title Service Inc. at tz 
Comments: Please fax the flying time wire to Insured Aircraft Title Service Inc. at a 
Please Reserve N in NAME ONLY for: 
Please “— N 550GP** and von for the following aircraft: 
available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a new number. Please send the confirmation of 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
[_] PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER’S NAME 
Please mail the 8050-64 / Assignment of Special Registration Numbers to my airport address below if possible: 
,* Please send the Fly Time Wire to [ATS via fax number ne 
x Please reserve N4O01H6 Back te Chevron 0.S.A. Inc. 
Please Reserve N in NAME ONLY for: 
Please Reserve N 415.M = ign for the following aircraft: 
available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a new number. Please'send the confirmation of 
Additional Information: Please reserve and assign N415LM to N401HB 
minutes to complete the form. Please note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless # displays a 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
minutes to complete the form. Please note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless # displays a 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
minutes to complete the form. Please note that any agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, 8 cofection of information unless it displays 
Please pay fees with a check or money order payable to ihe 
UPON CANCELLATION, PLEASE RESERVE THE N-NUMBER 
PLEASE HAND THE CONFIRMATION OF RESERVATION LETTER TO 
Please ASSIGN N401HB to the following described aircraft which 
PLEASE HAND THE ORIGINAL FORM 8050-64 TO ARTC IN THE PUBLIC 
)X{ PLEASE HAND CONFIRMATION OF RESERVATION LETTER TO ARTC - PUBLIC DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
a4 PLEASE HAND ORIGINAL FORM 8050-64 TO ARTC - PUBLIC DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
If we may be of further assistance, please contact the Aircraft Registration Branch at 
Please reserve and assign the enclosed special registration numbers ‘or 
Gulfstteam Aerospace Corporation. please hand confirmations to ARTC in the 
PD F.com. if the above requested numbers are not available. please contact 
Please reserve & assign forty-two (42) special 
enclosed letter. Please issue 8050-7 forms to 
Gulfstream at the address shown above. PLEASE 
Please call when you get this information. 
It was nice talking with you yesterday. Thanks for your assistance with this. Please see the below email of aircraft 
Please let me know if | left something out that would be able to assist you in any way. 
on the two prior such memos we've done. Please let us know if any questions, or if any other information would be 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller II is 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
| Og believe you have all the relevant materials from me for this but please let me know if not. Thanks! 
> Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
> Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
HE Wi! open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
can serve you better. Please select a department on the left to send a message directly to the team you 
The FRAUD (please see the record Janey). 
profits at NITE. ALWAYS has. Janey, please post Jay Clayton AND Ms Mehraban NITE conflict disclosures. No 
Ms Mehraban, please pass along my warmest regards to your former Paul Weiss boss/colleague Dougie "Large". 
my extensive financials research and other research, | pleaded and pleaded with the SEC to shut down this 
Please update my Net Element and AQR TCR's 
please add the following info to my appeal of your preliminary denial of my Opco award. 
like KCG and UBS. I can provide overwhelming evidence of SEC obstruction. Please read the FINRA Brown 
be required to leave the courthouse. There are no exceptions. For more information, please see 
information, please see https://www.nysd.uscourts. gov/covid-19-coronavirus. 
ue PLEASE CONSIDER THE ENVIRONMENT BEFORE PRINTING THIS E-MAIL***** 
ill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HR and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Would it be possible to get a conference call line set up for this afternoon around 4pm, please? We will be speaking 
two years after pleading guilty, even though the Parole Board of Canada is concerned he might continue 
enter a plea, but scores of his supporters laughed when the charges were read. 
This superseding indictment does not appear to have been docketed on ECF. Would it be possible to please docket it 
Please feel free to call my cell at I if it would be useful to discuss over the phone. 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
WRCB-TV NASA scientist pleads guilty to lying about involvement in ... Now, having admitted his crime, Meyyappan awalts sentencing," acting US Attorney Audrey Strauss sald in a statement. Since 2006, 
(Please note: my current cell phone coverage is not dependable and the voicemail can be delayed, if you don’t receive a 
call back within an hour, please text, email or call me a 
happy to have you work your magic. Sorry for the tight turn on this one. Please let me know of any 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller II is 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
G2 1d | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please see below. We will reach out to victim attorneys today or tomorrow. 
Please see attached approval letter for details. 
Attached please find courtesy copies of today’s ECF filings. 
in Florida and the public outrage over his charges, plea deal, the leniency he received. The 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Attached please find the parties’ joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Per the attached letter, the parties 
in Florida and the public outrage over his charges, plea deal, the leniency he received. The 
Please see the attached letter. 
Please see attached. 
Attached please find the parties’ joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Per the attached letter, the parties 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please see the below email from [. Could somebody above the line level connect with [J to discuss? We 
Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
Please report any difference or non-receipt of checks or stocks, indicated as delivered to you 
PLEASE PROMPTLY NOTIFY YOUR ACCOUNT 
Attached please find a memo endorsement issued by Judge Nathan. It will be filed on the public docket on 
Please confirm receipt. 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Motions in Limine and supporting documents. 
Attached please find the following documents submitted to the Court and all counsel under seal pursuant to the Court’s 
Attached please find the following documents submitted to the Court and all counsel under seal pursuant to the Court’s 
meet the statutory test. Most cases in the ‘unjust’ category relate to the persons’ fitness to plead to 
return an individual if they are later found to be unfit to plead“’, and thus ensure that extradition is 
devices that you believe was not identified responsive, please let me know, and we can take action to confirm and lock off 
Can you please confirm that the below search is the correct data to secure: 
Can you also please confirm that the Potentially Non-Responsive data will be placed in two subfolders under the following 
access to any non-responsive materials in that database. Would it be possible to please lock off access to the 397,365 
Attached please find the following documents submitted to the Court and all counsel under seal pursuant to the Court’s 
large. Please provide us with a 64 GB drive if you would like us to reproduce those ranges. 
Thanks for the follow-up. Please send the documents to the FTP link below: 
Below please find our responses. 
of all 1.2 million documents with the specific Subject Device indicated, please let me know, and | will ask one of 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you today. Attached please find the accompanying cover 
letter. The production is small enough to produce via the FTP site. Would you please send us a link if that is how you 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Can you please send me your cell phone number so that | can set you up with our USAfx account? Then I'll be able to 
Please let me know if you have a few minutes to speak with myself and SSA i regarding the Epstein case. 
We have just sent a secured message. Please register to access the information. 
related to criminal, civil or administrative actions. Such information is strictly confidential or legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please 
Attached please find the list of accounts as requested. We are working on the production for this case. 
Please see annexed for your information. 
received this message in error, or are not the intended recipient, please notify us immediately and 
addressed. If you believe you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately, delete the e-mail from your computer and do 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
with the Epstein investigation. We'll also separately put in phone requests, but please let us know if you need any 
Epstein shall plead guilty (not nolo contendere) to the Indictment as 
796.07. In addition, Epstein shall plead guilty to an Information filed 
Epstein shall use his best efforts to enter his guilty plea and be 
In consideration of Epstein’s agreement to plead guilty and to provide compensation 
agreement and a plea agreement wii "s Office, the federal Grand Jury 
to get some basic threshold information. To help us become familiar with the background, could you please send us the 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
a drive out the door, please let me know. We can catch up once that is done. 
Please do not think | forgot about you as | am working on getting this hard drive out the door today. | will give you a call 
| am available for a call between 9 — 11 am this morning and between 12:30 and 2 PM today. Please let me know what 
responsiveness review of the Epstein SW returns on Relativity, please? 
°. Please review the list of assets on the last page of the attached (criminal or civil, depending on your 
e If you have no hits, please type “nothing to report” at the top of the form. 
Please see the attached letter. 
search incident to arrest. Please confirm this. 
Please note that under both Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 16(c) and Brady, the duty 
requested in this letter, please advise us by October 21, 2020, so that we may file any necessary 
Please find attached a letter regarding the Government's production in this case. We are uploading a zip file containing 
the discovery materials to USAfx. Additionally, please find attached one additional page of discovery, which has been 
marked attorney’s eyes only. Please contact us with any questions or if you have any difficulty accessing the production. 
any questions or if a call would be useful, please let me know. 
I’ve been assigned your witness immunity request. Could you please email me the information regarding Ms. 
NPA required Epstein to plead guilty in state court to the then-pending state indictment against 
The signing of the NPA did not immediately lead to Epstein’s guilty plea and incarceration, 
sentence by pleading guilty in state court to “two prostitution charges.” According to the Miami 
i See, e.g., Ashley Collman, “Stunning new report details Trump's labor secretary’s role in plea deal for 
Secretary's role in unusual plea deal for billionaire accused of sexual abuse,” NBC Nightly News, Nov. 29, 2018; Anita 
Jeffrey Epstein’s plea deal,” Miami Herald, Dec. 6, 2018. 
examined extensive publicly available information, including depositions, pleadings, orders, and 
when Epstein entered his guilty plea under the NPA, did not affect the subjects’ actions prior to 
relating to the USAO’s investigation of Epstein, the NPA, and Epstein’s guilty plea. As a result, 
investigation focuses on Epstein's state plea agreement and the Palm Beach County work release program. 
of criminal charges, (3) deferred or non-prosecution agreements, (4) plea agreements, (5) grants 
investigation of Epstein through a state-based plea and either developed or approved the terms of 
whether to notify victims about the state’s plea hearing pursuant to the state’s own victim’s rights 
investigation about the state plea hearing. His decision left victims uninformed about an important 
guilty plea in state court; and, finally, efforts by the AUSA to ensure Epstein’s compliance with 
Thanks for the follow-up. Please send the documents to the FTP link below: 
Below please find our responses. 
of all 1.2 million documents with the specific Subject Device indicated, please let me know, and | will ask one of 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
there’s a good time Monday morning, in particular, please let us know. Thanks 
Attached please find OPR’s final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
Would you please save the attached pdfs in the respective witness and 3500 folders for the testifying witnesses in each 
I’ve copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
project going forward, please let us know what works best for you. 
I’ve copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
me be — For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA a at ay or 
Enclosed please find official notification from Warden regarding Mr. Epstein's passing. As the 
the official cause of death is determined. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel 
Anything at all we can do, please don’t hesitate to let us know, and I'll defer to [J to reach out to follow up 
Please see the AUSA team copied here and reach out to them for any assistance you may need from SDNY. 
Attached please find the cite-checked omnibus memorandum of law in opposition to Maxwell's motions. The team will be 
substantive line edits/comments. BE vous you please take a look at the changes in your sections to confirm you 
Attached please find the Government’s omnibus memorandum of law in opposition to the defense’s pretrial motions in 
Attached is a copy of the complaint, summary judgment brief and court's decisions. Please let me know if you need any 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
reports without using that template, please kindly resubmit using the new template. The new template also 
Comments: Please fax the flying time wire to Insured Aircraft Title Service Inc. at ma 
Please acknowledge your agreement to this request and its terms by appropriate notation in the space 
Please acknowledge your agreement to this request and its terms by appropriate notation in the space 
Comments: Please fax the flying time wire to Insured Aircraft Title Service Inc. at a 
Please Reserve N in NAME ONLY for: 
Please “— N 550GP** and ay" for the following aircraft: 
available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a new number. Please send the confirmation of 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
[_] PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER’S NAME 
Please mail the 8050-64 / Assignment of Special Registration Numbers to my airport address below if possible: 
» ig* Please send the Fly Time Wire to LATS via fax number el 
~' w® Please return the Certificate of Registration to LATS via the PD Room at the FAA. 
x Please reserve N4O01H6 Back te Chevron 0.S.A. Inc. 
Please Reserve N in NAME ONLY for: 
Please Reserve N 415M = ign for the following aircraft: 
available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a new number. Please'send the confirmation of 
Additional Information: Please reserve and assign N415LM to N401HB 
minutes to complete the form. Please note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless # displays a 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
minutes to complete the form. Please note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless # displays a 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
minutes to complete the form. Please note that any agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, 8 cofection of information unless it displays 
(Address) Please pay fees with a check or money order payable to the 
UPON CANCELLATION, PLEASE RESERVE THE N-NUMBER 
1. Please RESERVE the following special registration number: 
PLEASE HAND THE CONFIRMATION OF RESERVATION LETTER TO 
Zo Please ASSIGN N401HB to the following described aircraft which 
PLEASE HAND THE ORIGINAL FORM 8050-64 TO ARTC IN THE PUBLIC 
)X{ PLEASE HAND CONFIRMATION OF RESERVATION LETTER TO ARTC - PUBLIC DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
a4 PLEASE HAND ORIGINAL FORM 8050-64 TO ARTC - PUBLIC DOCUMENTS ROOM. 
If we may be of further assistance, please contact the Aircraft Registration Branch at 
Please reserve and assign the enclosed special registration numbers ‘or 
Gulfstteam Aerospace Corporation. please hand confirmations to ARTC in the 
PD F.com. if the above requested numbers are not available. please contact 
Please reserve & assign forty-two (42) special 
enclosed letter. Please issue 8050-7 forms to 
Gulfstream at the address shown above. PLEASE 
Please submit the completed form to the following contact: 
If you have any questions in this matter, please contact me at ————— 3 
Please return a record of any additional aircra i (s) to me for installations 
Please complete and return the enclosed questionnaire or email me at 
questions, please call me at 
If you have any question please feel free to call i ——$—_*I (Chief Pilot) at i ——-— |] or email 
Please send all documents to 
minutes to complete the form. Please note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless # displays a 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
minutes to complete the form. Please note that an agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless # displays a 
When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
PLEASE RESERVE N-NUMBER IN THE OWNER'S NAME 
Please Reserve N in NAME ONLY for: 
Please Reserve N 188TS anda gn for the following aircraft: 
available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a new number. Please send the confirmation of 
Please acknowledge your agreement to this request and its terms by appropriate notation in the space provided 
Please acknowledge your agreement to this request and its terms by appropriate notation in the space provided 
Comments: Please fax the flying time wire to Insu irerafl 
Please acknowledge your agreement to this request and its terms by appropriate notation in the 
Please acknowledge your agreement to this request and its terms by appropriate notation in the 
lawfully may, that it will not (and hereby irrevocably waives its right to) at any time plead, or 
Please issue a duplicate certificate on the aircraft herein described: 
****Please issue a Flying Time Wire for this aircraft to Insured Aircraft Title Service, In 
lawfully may, that it will not (and hereby irrevocably waives its right to) at any time plead, or 
Please Reserve N in NAME ONLY for: 
Please Reserve N 493LX and assign for the following aircraft: 
available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a new number. Please send the confirmation of 
Please issue a duplicate certificate on the aircraft herein described: 
****Please issue a Flying Time Wire for this aircraft to Insured Aircraft Title Service, Inc. 
The special registration mark HAS NOT BEEN painted on the aircraft but will be ata later date Please 
lawfully may, that it will not (and hereby irrevocably waives its right to) at any time plead, or 
lawfully may, that it will not (and hereby irrevocably waives its right to) at any time plead, or 
Please assign N493LX to the following aircraft: 
The $10.00 fee has previously been paid. If you have any questions, please contact the 
issued reflecting the correct registration number. Please furnish this clarification by checking the 
Please extend authorization for use of the special number. Enclosed is a $10 fee required to reserve 
Please reserve N in NAME ONLY for: 
Please reserve N 493LX for assignment to the following aircraft: 
preferred N number is not available, please contact the undersigned for a selection of a 
Please send the letter of confirmation or the 64 form to Insured Aircraft Title Service in 
issued reflecting the correct registration number. Please furnish this clarification by checking the 
Please assign N YU5L% » which is currently reserved for: 
Please send the 8050-64 form to IATS in the PD Room. If you have 
any questions, please do not hesitate to give us a call. 
Appleation, to which this page is attached (the “Application”), (ii) that all of the information set forth on the Application is true and correct as of this 
Please reserve ONE (1) special identification number(s) per order of choice. 
[a Please send to Morgan Aircraft Title Services in the Public Documents Room. 
If you have any questions, please contact me on __z==y 
Please reserve ONE (1) special identification number(s) per order of choice. 
A Please send to Morgan Aircraft Title Services in the Public Documents Room. 
Please see the attached letter. 
Please see attached for your review. 
Can you please confirm whether that individual is in fact with BOP and/or MCC? Defense counsel is understandably 
Please advise as soon as possible, as the individual is waiting to know whether they should take steps to retrieve the body. 
more information to share, but please be advised that some of what I get may be shared with your office but not further 
BOP press release that was just put out I assume we need to speak with someone there. Please advise. 
reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on those basic facts or when we can 
less information than the press. Please advise. 
= be sas For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA == at ey or 
to the conduct in this case to please contact 1-800- CALL FBI.” 
SW1W ODT. If you are not the intended recipient of this email please inform us and the sender immediately. You must not take any 
I tried calling J EE but his message indicates he is out. Can one of you please call me to briefly 
PAE if that would be helpful. Please let us know what we can do. 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by replying to the 
PAE if that would be helpful. Please let us know what we can do. 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by replying 
are in plea negotiations with counsel for. another Epstein co-conspirator. ; 
sexual abuse, may plead to an obstruction of justice-related count. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Please see the attached letter. 
review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify 
All of the documents from this production has been bates stamped an is now available in Relativity for review. Please use 
Please let me know if there are any issues with the production. Also, for this production please let me know if you would 
like to produce all of the native files or only the native files that could not be imaged. Please note that for the native files 
format. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Oh and would you also please save them here once they’re exported 
Thank you fj. Would you please start at bates number SDNY_GM_00328864 and mark all the documents confidential. 
Can you please let me know what bates number you want to use for this production and let me know if there will be a 
| know you want to produce these documents can you please tell me the following: 
Also please note that once the documents have been loaded to Relativity there is no way to run any searches for 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Please let us know if this approach sounds right to you or if you would like to discuss. 
get it done. Please keep us posted and let us know if there is anything else we can do to assist. Thanks! 
Please let us know if this approach sounds right to you or if you would like to discuss. 
Can you please tell us how those discs were marked? We’re not sure that we can tell them apart from the other DVDs we 
Please let us know as soon as possible? And either |! 7 OY cc’d here, will follow up on whatever the next 
Please see my responses below. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. I'll be in bright and early Monday morning. 
two boxes from FBI case file 72-MM-113327 and the remainder from FBI case file 31E-MM-108062. Please don’t hesitate 
information in connection with our review process; please feel free to contact Ms. I directly to facilitate that. 
minutes to briefly discuss a few other clients who we haven't listed below. Please just let me know if you have 
Thank you so much. Can we please plan on |pm ET? 
tomorrow. Would it be possible to move this call either to 1pm ET or to 3pm ET, please? 
Please click the link below to join the Zoom Meeting 
Please dial: 301 715 8592 
Please join just a few minutes prior to the start time so the call can begin right away. 
Please confirm you've received and thank you. 
Yes, I am available for a call tomorrow (Wednesday 8/12) at 2pm Eastern Time. Please let me know what number to call. 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY 
This all makes sense, thanks very much. Please let us know when the discs are sent? And | guess also when the hard copy 
Please see my responses below. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. I'll be in bright and early Monday morning. 
two boxes from FBI case file Ue the remainder from FBI case i. _—_— Please don’t hesitate 
to the MDC today, please? 
Judge Karas to modify the order to allow her to receive the documents, so please don’t send them to JJ until she 
> Good luck this evening - hope it is going well. Please give us at least a brief update when you finish. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
| write in regard to Reyes's change of plea hearing on 8/26/19 and sentencing on 4/13/20. 
"The public and press have a qualified First Amendment right of access to plea and sentencing 
discussions with counsel. Please let us know if any additional information would be useful. 
Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell learned that she has been issued a disciplinary charge. Please provide a copy of 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
>> Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
> If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Yes please, thanks very much. 
into this portal for you - please let me know if 
You may now get this email twice but this is the portal access to see all of the uploaded data. Please let me know 
a written consent of the sender. If you received this message by mistake, please reply to this message and follow with its deletion, so that we can ensure such a mistake does not 
Yes please, thanks very much. 
into this portal for you - please let me know if 
You may now get this email twice but this is the portal access to see all of the uploaded data. Please let me know 
a written consent of the sender. If you received this message by mistake, please reply to this message and follow with its deletion, so that we can ensure such a mistake does not 
Please see attached for filing. 
Attached please find an order that Judge Nathan just issued on the docket in Maxwell's case, which directs the 
We agree, thank you. Attached please find a draft joint letter to the Court conveying the parties’ position. Please 
Please let us know of the status of hard drive containing complete production; 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
See below. Please let me know when you have time to discuss. 
Please let us know of the status of hard drive containing complete production; 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss this further. 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss this further. 
Hi (MM: Please see our proposed letter, which I understand you would like to review, as well as 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss this further. 
Hi (MMM: Please see our proposed letter, which I understand you would like to review, as well as 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss this further. 
district. For each case, please provide the following information: 
Please send your information to Paralega as Thank 
victims identified through the federal investigation about the state plea hearing. 
Do not reply to this message. If you have questions, please use the contacts in the 
NPA required Epstein to plead guilty in state court to the then-pending state indictment against 
The signing of the NPA did not immediately lead to Epstein’s guilty plea and incarceration, 
sentence by pleading guilty in state court to “two prostitution charges.” According to the Miami 
' See, e.g., Ashley Collman, “Stunning new report details Trump's labor secretary's role in plea deal for 
Secretary's role in unusual plea deal for billionaire accused of sexual abuse,” NBC Nightly News, Nov. 29, 2018; Anita 
Jeffrey Epstein’s plea deal,” Miami Herald, Dec. 6, 2018. 
examined extensive publicly available information, including depositions, pleadings, orders, and 
when Epstein entered his guilty plea under the NPA, did not affect the subjects’ actions prior to 
relating to the USAO’s investigation of Epstein, the NPA, and Epstein’s guilty plea. As a result, 
investigation focuses on Epstein’s state plea agreement and the Palm Beach County work release program. 
of criminal charges, (3) deferred or non-prosecution agreements, (4) plea agreements, (5) grants 
investigation of Epstein through a state-based plea and either developed or approved the terms of 
whether to notify victims about the state’s plea hearing pursuant to the state’s own victim’s rights 
investigation about the state plea hearing. His decision left victims uninformed about an important 
guilty plea in state court; and, finally, efforts by the AUSA to ensure Epstein’s compliance with 
Please find attached a letter regarding the Government's second discovery production in this case. The materials are 
available on our secure file-sharing website, USAfx, and there is no password on the production itself. Please let us know if 
questions regarding compliance. Could you please let me know your availability for a call? 
Is it possible for you to please pull the 44 files listed in the attached spreadsheet as original notes and send them to us? 
Please let me know if USAfx or a physical hard drive would be easiest for this, and I’m happy to coordinate. We'd also like 
produced the notes and reports of witness interviews. Can you please check the spreadsheet entries referring to original 
we will askifor the notes to add to the production. Please let us know if you have any questions. If my 
The ia and §iiiolder are still being reviewed today, can you hold off on stamping please? Thanks! 
user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org 
Attached please find the parties’ joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Per the attached letter, the parties 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Same request. Hopefully soon I'll be in the loop enough that | won’t have to ask this, but for the time being, please bear 
Just so | have a sense, can you shoot me an email about any significant events (pleas, sentencings, hearings, significant 
Please let me know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
Hy |t was a pleasure working with you, J and the team for the last several months. 
Also, [J please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
WM It was a pleasure working with you, J and the team for the last several months. 
need urgent assistance before then, please contac tga a 
Attachments: Conf_Plea_Negotiations_final.wpd 
that we provided at the last meeting. You and [J and I had also discussed a possible federal plea to an Information 
charging a 371 conspiracy, with a Rule 11 plea with a two-year cap, but I think [J must have asked Alex about it and it 
was nixed. Just to be prepared for tomorrow, | was just starting to draft a Rule 11 plea agreement in case Alex changes his 
mind and a formal non-prosecution agreement containing the state plea terms. As soon as those are ready, I will e-mail 
article released tomorrow about our meeting and that Epstein is going to plead to a state charge and the Chief wanted to 
Please refresh my recollection. What is the “deal” on the table? 
Attachments: OLY_Plea_Agreement.wpd; OLY_Non-Prosecution_Agreement.wpd 
i know you are on vacation in a different time zone, however, i want to finalize the plea deal and there is only one issue 
please call me if you have a moment ....i would like your thoughts on this. 
please contact us.*** 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Please confirm that this will not affect when Epstein begins serving his sentence. If it does, | have to reconsider 
postponement of the guilty plea date. Thanks, 
The change of plea will take place on November 20. Agreed. 
Wl -- Can you see any issues with this? If not, please confirm with 
Epstein's plea, where you said that you didn't want to 
have him enter his plea on November 20. So we will 
plan to proceed on one that date. Please confirm that 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
times today and it is on ABC News' website). | think that may be the real reason for the delay in the change of plea. 
Epstein's group is concerned that the guilty plea will be used against him in civil suits and they want to knock that lawsuit 
out before the guilty plea to deter others. One of the newspapers also reported that Epstein's camp had planted the false 
3. Regarding language there may be discovery to test the claims of alleged "victims", please see new paragraph 4 on 
that this is as far as we can go. Therefore, please advise me whether we have a deal no later than COB tomorrow, 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
regarding the attorney representative, please provide me with his or her name and contact 
If | can provide you with any further information, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
not the case, please let me know. 
3. Regarding language there may be discovery to test the claims of alleged "victims", please see new paragraph 
that this is as far as we can go. Therefore, please advise me whether we have a deal no later than COB tomorrow, 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
him the letter. Please execute the addendum, PDF the executed original to me as soon as possible and Fed Ex the original 
definite go. A difficulty arose last week at a conference with the judge on the case. She wants the plea and 
sentence to occur concurrently; not a plea with a sentencing at a later date. Therefore, the case was set for the 
first week of January, but the plea and sentence will definitely occur before the January 4th date that was agreed 
If you have any questions, please contact me Mo 
I haven't heard anything from Judge Davis. I assume he ts still willing to take on the role you asked him to take on, but can you please 
not want to be copied on any subpoenas or anything related to discovery. But please let me know if that is an incorrect assumption. 
Here is an executed version of the addendum. Please Fed Ex the original signature pages to me. Thanks, 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
January 7, 2008. Our agreement with Mr. Epstein contemplated a simultaneous plea and sentencing for October 
conducting the simultaneous plea and sentencing some time before January 4, 2008, so that Mr. Epstein can 
I also would appreciate it if you could send me a copy of the plea agreement, the Information that you plan to file 
(if it hasn’t been filed already), and any factual proffer or other documents related to the plea. Please also let me 
know the date and time of the plea and sentencing so that someone from our office can attend and insure Mr. 
the federal non-prosecution agreement, please do not hesitate to contact me at the number below o in the 
agreement with Mr. Epstein contemplated a simultaneous plea and sentencing for October (or, as we later agreed, 
simultaneous plea and sentencing some time before January 4, 2008, so that Mr. Epstein can comply with the 
I also would appreciate it if you could send me a copy of the plea agreement, the Information that you plan to file 
(if it hasn’t been filed already), and any factual proffer or other documents related to the plea. Please also let me 
know the date and time of the plea and sentencing so that someone from our office can attend and insure Mr. 
the federal non-prosecution agreement, please do not hesitate to contact me at the number below or | the 
definite go. A difficulty arose last week at a conference with the judge on the case. She wants the plea and 
sentence to occur concurrently; not a plea with a sentencing at a later date. Therefore, the case was set for the 
first week of January, but the plea and sentence will definitely occur before the January 4th date that was agreed 
If you have any questions, please contact me at ee 
— Epstein believes that January 4th not December 16th is when he'll plead guilty and be sentenced. Judging from 
need from me regarding the plea and sentencing dates. 
has told us she will handle both at the same time (plea 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
confirm that we are still on for December for the plea and sentencing? I sent an e-mail to Barry and Lanna but 
Please call Judge Davis as soon as you can - (J. Thank you. 
transmission in error, please immediately reply to the sender that you have received this communication in error and then delete it. Thank you 
Moreover, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, please note that the plea 
Judge Sandra McSorley (please see attached notice of hearing). In addition, as 
contents therein. Please call me at your earliest convenience. 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the undersigned has called up for hearing the following: 
MATTER: Plea Conference 
your attention that one potential plea could result in no gain time for your client; | correct one of 
plead to a non-registrable offense. Even now, when it is clear that neither you nor your client ever 
scope of your chent’s actions. Also, it has always been my intention to have Mr. Epstein plead to 
federal, not state, charges. You and I spent several weeks trying to identify and put together a plea 
Acosta in the negotiations at various times. In any and all plea negotiations the defendant 
understands that his options are to plead or to continue with the investigation and proceed to trial. 
to concluding the matter by plea or trial would only undermine my case. If my reassurances are 
Subject: Article today about Epstein plea 
Jeffrey Epstein plea hearing moved to March Page | of 2 
Jeffrey Epstein plea hearing moved to March 
A plea hearing for part-time Palm Beacher Jeffrey Epstein will be rescheduled to March, his 
The Manhattan money manager is expected to plead guilty to a felony charge of solicitation of 
"The plea conference will be moved to March, but it will be resolved, we believe," attorney 
In exchange for his guilty plea, federal authorities are expected to drop their probe into 
http://cox.printthis.clickability.com/pt/cpt?action=cpt&title=Jeffrey+Epstein+pleathearing+... 1/3/2008 
Jeffrey Epstein plea hearing moved to March Page 2 of 2 
http://cox.printthis.clickability.com/pt/cpt?action=cpt&title=Jeffrey+Epstein+pleathearing+... 1/3/2008 
for these girls to have a resolution in this case. The “please be patient” answer is really wearing thin, especially 
victims.) Second, our "state resolution" of the case requires Mr. Epstein to plead to something that hasn't been charged yet 
state prosecution and the effect they may have on the federal prosecution. Thank you for the updates and please let us know 
Attached please find a letter regarding the Epstein matter. 
Please review the attached letter. 
oppose the motion based upon the confidentiality provision. I have attached a copy of the victims’ pleading for 
stipulated facts to the victims’ counsel (Exhibit 1 to this pleading) and, in turn, the victims’ sent 
and suggesting some additions and modifications (Exhibit 2 to this pleading). The victims also 
provision.” See Exhibit | to this pleading, Government’s Proposed Stipulated Facts, at page 3, 
discussed the plea arrangement with the victims. 
instead to engage in pre-indictment plea discussions with Epstein. 
fact that it would block the Government from conferring with the victims about the plea 
and Epstein might be in the process of finalizing some sort of plea arrangement. Accordingly, 
particular their right to confer about the proposed plea arrangement. 
or after July 9, 2008, when the Government filed its responsive pleading to Jane Doe’s 
emergency petition. That pleading was the first public mention of the non-prosecution agreement 
the victims had not been informed about the plea arrangement. 
facts, which is attached to this pleading as Exhibit 1. 
this pleading as Exhibit 2. The response made various suggestions to the proposed undisputed 
proposed plea agreement with Epstein, including in particular the details of the Non-Prosecution 
fairly. The victims will not repeat all of their arguments from their earlier pleadings but would 
Based on the Government's proposed stipulated facts (Exhibit 1 to this pleading), it is now 
Josefsberg’s fees. Please provide that confirmation to Mr. Josefsberg so that he can begin 
| mentioned in my earlier letter, if you have any proposed substantive changes, please provide 
Hi everyone -- Can you please review and comment on the attached? | wanted to give you one more piece of info that will 
So, please let me know what you think. | would like to send it out asap. Thanks. 
just an oversight on your part, and you had intended to give me the “full terms” of the plea 
for the plea agreement — and the earlier versions -- to be provided to me so that I can review 
provision expired as Epstein entered his guilty plea in open court? 
investigation had been resolved, that Epstein would plead guilty to state charges, 
federal non-prosecution agreement to this counsel and that you did not mention that a plea 
provision that existed in the plea agreement, Mr. Edwards was not informed that, 
Government filed its responsive pleading to Jane Doe’s emergency petition. That 
pleading was the first public mention of the non-prosecution agreement and the 
and abused by Jeffrey Epstein. While we are aware of his recent guilty plea and 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
If anyone has communicated anything to any of Epstein’s attorneys that is contrary to this, please contact my 
please contact I 
Here are the proposed plea agreement and information. If any changes need to be made, 
<< File: OLY Plea Agreement v4 1512 and 113 violations.wpd >> 
i know you are on vacation in a different time zone, however, i want to finalize the plea deal and there is only one issue 
please call me if you have a moment ....i would like your thoughts on this. 
please contact us.*** 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
times today and it is on ABC News' website). | think that may be the real reason for the delay in the change of plea. Epstein's 
group is concerned that the guilty plea will be used against him in civil suits and they want to knock that lawsuit out before the 
guilty plea to deter others. One of the newspapers also reported that Epstein’s camp had planted the false stories about girls 
not the case, please let me know. 
3. Regarding language there may be discovery to test the claims of alleged "victims", please see new paragraph 
that this is as far as we can go. Therefore, please advise me whether we have a deal no later than COB tomorrow, 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
regarding the attorney representative, please provide me with his or her name and contact 
If | can provide you with any further information, please do not hesitate to contact me 
Here is an executed version of the addendum. Please Fed Ex the original signature pages to me. Thanks, 
Please let me know if you need anything else. 
Epstein was going to plead to a misdemeanor and get no jail time. (That is one of the reasons why they asked 
agreed to three main terms: (1) he had to plead to a state offense for which sex offender registration was 
He objected to pleading to the state charge, claiming that the facts did not apply, and asked to plead to a 
on the state case or the Assistant State Attorney, please let me know. Or, if you would like their contact info, I 
| am mindful of the fact that we have a state court date of July 8 on which either to enter a plea or to commence trial. As | 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Please advise whether you intend to correct the representations to the Court regarding 
Subject: FW: Epstein pleads guilty in state court 
Subject: FW: Epstein pleads guilty in state court 
Subject: RE: Epstein pleads guilty in state court 
result that will serve the victims well. Please pass on my congratulations to the rest of your team. 
Epstein shall plead guilty (not nolo contendere) to the Indictment as 
796.07. In addition, Epstein shall plead guilty to an Information filed 
Epstein shall use his best efforts to enter his guilty plea and be 
In consideration of Epstein’s agreement to plead guilty and to provide compensation 
agreement and a plea agreement with the State Attorney’s Office, the federal Grand Jury 
Hl -- My understanding was that Jay would not be attending the change of plea, so his availability shouldn't have dictated the 
guilty plea date. Since we have agreed to the date change, can you please confirm with Jay that this will not effect the date 
The change of plea will take place on November 20. Agreed. 
Hi -- Can you see any issues with this? If not, please confirm with 
Epstein's plea, where you said that you didn't want to 
have him enter his plea on November 20. So we will 
plan to proceed on one that date. Please confirm that 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
the date of Mr. Epstein’s plea. We request, however, that your Office provide a basis for 
conduct the plea and sentence in November. You may recall that we previously discussed, and 
you agreed, that because the state judge will not stagger the plea and sentencing as we 
contemplated in the Agreement, Mr. Epstein could plea and be sentenced at any point before 
January 4, 2008. As you know, the judge’s refusal to stagger the plea and sentencing actually 
parties to appear for the plea and sentencing on January 4, and we do not anticipate any delay 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
No, | think he is pleading on December 16th, and we should definitely try to keep that date on track. 
— Epstein believes that January 4th not December 16th is when he'll plead guilty and be sentenced. Judging from 
need from me regarding the plea and sentencing dates. 
has told us she will handle both at the same time (plea 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Please accept my apologies for not getting back to you sooner but | was a little under the weather yesterday. | hope that 
plea. This letter should then come from the attorney representative, and not from the Government, to avoid any 
enter his plea for another few weeks, time is clearly not of the essence regarding any notification to the identified 
Please accept my apologies for not getting back to you sooner but I was a little under the weather yesterday. I 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Please let me know how you want to proceed. | find this very demoralizing. 
Could you please outline what factual basis you think fits the procuring statute for the plea conference. | am trying to 
Please let me know how you want to proceed. | find this very demoralizing. 
Could you please outline what factual basis you think fits the procuring statute for the plea conference. | am trying to 
Epstein’s camp to use this as an excuse to view all of our evidence, then withdraw from the plea, and then go to 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
please contact us.*** 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please 
If you would like to arrange a conference call with [J and myself, please let me know. 
Hi (| 1 am back. Just got a child molester to plead to 360 to life, so I am feeling good. 
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. If you have any questions, please do not 
changed. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call. Also, please confirm your receipt of this e- 
Ks Epstein shall plead guilty (not nolo contendere) to an Information filed by the 
: Epstein shall enter his guilty plea and be sentenced not later than September 
Dear Lilly: Enclosed please find a response to your letter i. can reach me at Ea! 
this in more detail. | also have not heard any more from Jay Lefkowitz or Guy Lewis, so please let 
HM - | have to leave the office shortly, but please let me know if you want to set up a time to speak regarding your letter to 
I haven't heard anything from Judge Davis. I assume he is still willing to take on the role you asked him to take on, but can you please 
not want to be copied on any subpoenas or anything related to discovery. But please let me know if that is an incorrect assumption. 
Here is an executed version of the addendum. Please Fed Ex the original signature pages to me. Thanks, 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Your understanding from Jack Goldberger conforms to my understanding that Mr. Epstein’s plea and sentence 
will take place on the same day. | understand that the plea and sentence will occur on or before the January 4th 
she said that she could include something in their plea agreement about not being eligible for work release. 
informs me chaff ic that the plea & sen l ill take place on the same 
transmission in error, please immediately reply to the sender that you have received this communscatson in error and then delete it. Thank you 
If there is any disagreement with his choice, please advise. The Judge is undergoing surgery on his foot Monday morning, but 
us, it should happen only after Mr. Epstein has entered his plea. This letter should then come from the attorney 
wisest manner in which to proceed. Given that Mr. Epstein will not even enter his plea for another few weeks, time is 
Please accept my apologies for not getting back to you sooner but | was a little under the weather yesterday. | hope that 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
The plea and sentence will both occur on the same date and that date will be before January 4th. 
January 7, 2008. Our agreement with Mr. Epstein contemplated a simultaneous plea and 
conducting the simultaneous plea and sentencing some time before January 4, 2008, so that 
! also would appreciate it if you could send me a copy of the plea agreement, the Information 
related to the plea. Please also let me know the date and time of the plea and sentencing so 
about the terms of the federal non-prosecution agreement, please do not hesitate to contact me 
case. She wants the plea and sentence to occur concurrently; not a plea with a sentencing at a 
later date. Therefore, the case was set for the first week of January, but the plea and sentence 
Please find enclosed the probable cause affidavits and case filing packages th 
Please reach out to {J to make her decision. These girls deserve so much better than they have received so 
Epstein was going to plead to a misdemeanor and get no jail time. (That is one of the reasons why they asked 
agreed to three main terms: (1) he had to plead to a state offense for which sex offender registration was 
He objected to pleading to the state charge, claiming that the facts did not apply, and asked to plead to a 
on the state case or the Assistant State Attorney, please let me know. Or, if you would like their contact info, I 
news. Should there be any other developments or you need anything from us, please do not hestitate to give me a call. You 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
circumstances, or terms included in the plea offer nor any allegations that individuals involved in the 
pleasuring, which did not satisfy the requisite federal element of criminal sexual conduct 
e Orchestrating the information, plea and sentencing requirements of the Deferred 
information it requires to enable Mr. Epstein to comply with the additional plea and 
© The Deferred Prosecution Agreement requires Mr. Epstein to plead guilty to and 
describes the additional charge to which Mr. Epstein is required to plead guilty 
fees rejected the sentence contemplated by the State’s plea agreement, writing that 
7. SUGGESTION OF ADDITIONAL STATE PLEA 
e The parties considered: “as suggested by [the defense], a plea to_state charges 
e It was the government, and not the defense, that suggested a plea to state charges to 
a plea agreement, in August 2007, Mr. and AUSA Puck aid warned that 
Attorney’s Office) sought more stringent conditions to the State’s proposed plea 
accommodate Epstein’s request to appear in state court for plea and sentencing on 
claims that “the Agreement did not contemplate a staggered ‘plea and sentencing,” 
that Epstein plead and be sentenced by October 26, and “begin serving his sentence not 
to plead guilty and accept a sentence for that offense—a sentence that, notably, is far more 
has acted: “[A] state judgment of conviction, plea agreement [here held in abeyance solely as a 
did result, it was mainly self-pleasuring masturbation and not necessarily illegal, but spontaneous 
prostitutes and videotaping the sessions. Mr. Kutun pleaded guilty on May 18, 2007 in a Miami- 
it is 50/50 whether they will make our Monday 5:00 pm deadline to plead, be sentenced and surrender. Thanks, 
Prosecution Agreement also entailed the entering of a Plea Agreement with the 
e Using the word “jail” instead of “imprisonment” in the plea agreement with 
Attached please find letters and exhibits responding to your two recent letters. 
community control as mandated by both his state plea and the terms of the non- 
control is in full compliance with both his state plea agreement and the non- 
If that time does not work, please let me know what times you are 
guilty plea, sentencing, and surrendering to begin his sentence of 
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at the 
I’m ok with 3;30 please conference me into the call 
cS and I can call you at 3:30 to speak about your list of issues. If that time does not work, please let me 
December 19" letter to a. including entry of a guilty plea, sentencing, and surrendering to begin his 
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at the number shown below. 
and I can call you at 3:30 to speak about your list of issues. If that time does not work, please let me 
December 19" letter to BE). including entry of a guilty plea, sentencing, and surrendering to begin his 
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at the number shown below. 
Office prior to entering into those agreements.” Please provide me with any proposed agreements at your 
earliest opportunity, and also please provide me with the date and time of the change of plea. 
On June 30, 2008, Jeffrey Epstein (hereinafter referred to as “Epstein) entered a plea of 
In light of the entry of the guilty plea and sentence, and pursuant to the terms of the 
Please see the attached Notification Letter. 
Subject: Re: Epstein Plea 
Subject: Epstein Plea 
<<Epstein Plea001.pdf>> 
please review 
Second, our "state resolution" of the case requires epstein to plead to something that hasn't been charged yet so further delay will allow him 
supposed to be 2 years so he has already gotten a big break. Plus we have identified more victims since we agreed to the 18 months. Please 
Please let me know about tuesday so | don't needlessly spoil ass And, any chance the case was discussed with the ag when he 
Subject: Emailing: Conf Plea Negotiations final.wp 
Attachments: Conf Plea Negotiations _final.wpd 
<<Conf Plea Negotiations final.wpd>> Hi | Here it is. It was presented at the July 31st meeting, | believe. 
Conf Plea Negotiations final.wpd 
On June 30, 2008, Jeffrey Epstein (hereinafter referred to as “Epstein) entered a plea 
In light of the entry of the guilty plea and sentence, the United States has agreed to 
defer federal prosecution in favor of this state plea and sentence, subject to certain 
Subject: Epstein Plea 
Attachments: Epstein Plea001.pdf 
<<Epstein Plea001.pdf>> 
PLEA IN THE CIRCUIT COURT 
The Defendant must provide a DNA sample in court at the time of this plea. 
Date of Plea Defendant 
proposed plea agreement between Mr. Epstein and the State Attorney’s Office, nor has the Office 
received notice of a date and time for a change of plea. 
for Mr. Epstein to plead, be sentenced, and begin serving his sentence not later than January 4, 
Epstein that he must enter his plea, be sentenced, and begin serving his sentence by 5:00 on Monday, 
for the date and time of the change of plea and for a copy of the proposed plea agreement between 
respect to Mr. Epstein in that he intends to plead guilty in Florida state court on Monday pursuant 
“learned from Mr. Epstein's attorney that the plea is scheduled to take place on Monday morning.” 
the State Attorney’s Office prior to entering into those agreements. If, indeed, the change of plea 
Accordingly, I again ask that you provide me with a copy of the Plea Agreement with the 
State Attorney’s Office and notification of the date and time of the change of plea. 
Epstein shall plead guilty (not nolo contendere) to the Indictment as 
796.07. In addition, Epstein shall plead guilty to an Information filed 
Please let me know when you are available, and I will provide you with the revised list. I would like to receive 
We also noticed a couple of “misstatements” during the change of plea and wanted to call them to your 
Yes, please. Thank you! 
Second, our "state resolution" of the case requires epstein to plead to something that hasn't been charged yet so further delay will allow him 
supposed to be 2 years so he has already gotten a big break. Plus we have identified more victims since we agreed to the 18 months. Please 
Please fill me in. 
No one has contacted anyone in Miami. Please copy me and {J on all communications. Thanks, 
supposed to be 2 years so he has already gotten a big break. Plus we have identified more victims since we agreed to the 18 months. Please 
supposed to be 2 years so he has already gotten a big break. Plus we have identified more victims since we agreed to the 18 months. Please 
supposed to be 2 years so he has already gotten a big break. Plus we have identified more victims since we agreed to the 18 months. Please 
Please tell me you that you are joking. Maybe we should throw him a party and tell him we are sorry to have bothered him. 
First, as set forth below, prior to the change of plea, we informed Epstein’s counsel that we took the position that 
Please keep us informed of the date and time of the change of plea and sentencing. 
December 19" letter to Ms. ma. including entry of a guilty plea, sentencing, and surrendering to begin his 
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at the number shown below. 
guilty plea. 
On June 30", a couple of hours after the change of plea, the agents and I went to Jack Goldberger’s office and 
In light of the entry of the guilty plea and sentence, the United States has agreed to defer federal 
prosecution in favor of this state plea and sentence, subject to certain conditions. 
I am concerned that we were adamant before Epstein’s plea that we had a complete agreement and nothing more 
Please keep us informed of the date and time of the change of plea and sentencing. 
stipulated facts to the victims’ counsel (Exhibit 1 to this pleading) and, in turn, the victims’ sent 
and suggesting some additions and modifications (Exhibit 2 to this pleading). The victims also 
provision.” See Exhibit | to this pleading, Government’s Proposed Stipulated Facts, at page 3, 
discussed the plea arrangement with the victims. 
instead to engage in pre-indictment plea discussions with Epstein. 
fact that it would block the Government from conferring with the victims about the plea 
and Epstein might be in the process of finalizing some sort of plea arrangement. Accordingly, 
particular their right to confer about the proposed plea arrangement. 
or after July 9, 2008, when the Government filed its responsive pleading to Jane Doe’s 
emergency petition. That pleading was the first public mention of the non-prosecution agreement 
the victims had not been informed about the plea arrangement. 
facts, which is attached to this pleading as Exhibit 1. 
this pleading as Exhibit 2. The response made various suggestions to the proposed undisputed 
proposed plea agreement with Epstein, including in particular the details of the Non-Prosecution 
fairly. The victims will not repeat all of their arguments from their earlier pleadings but would 
Based on the Government's proposed stipulated facts (Exhibit 1 to this pleading), it is now 
thorough. It is very similar to your Motion. If you are more satisfied with your wording or layout for the motion, then please 
Attached please find a draft protective order regarding the disclosure of the non-prosecution agreement to you 
and Jane Does 1 and 2. Please let us know if there are any changes you wish to make. Thanks. 
of the information contained in the July 20, 2008 letter to Ms. a: inaccurate, so please 
as “Epstein) entered a plea of guilty to violations of Florida Statutes Sections 796.07 (felony 
In light of the entry of the guilty plea and sentence, the United States has agreed to defer 
federal prosecution in favor of this state plea and sentence, subject to certain conditions, 
please let me know, and | will forward a copy of the Protective Order for her signature. 
As I stated in my earlier notification, please understand that neither the U.S. Attorney’s 
the terms of the Non-Prosecution Agreement. Please provide me with a copy of that 
2008, then all of those victims should be entitled to compensation. Please advise me of your 
Please let me know whether I should continue to list Mr. Goldberger as the point of contact for 
error promptly. Accordingly, if you have any substantive objections to the letter, please advise 
I’m working on a story about the federal non-prosecution agreement that is part and parcel of the state plea 
Please let me know if you need anything else. (I will turn my attention to the Victim Notification Log right now 
and get that to you in a half-hour.) And please give my regards, and the regards of [Jj and J. to the 
Please see enclosed correspondence. 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY US IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONE, AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL MESSAGE 
2, 2008. Please be advised that we strenuously object to your letters on various grounds, and believe 
matter? Please let me know what time works best for you. 
matter? Please let me know what time works best for you. 
matter? Please let me know what time works best for you. 
matter? Please let me know what time works best for you. 
We also noticed a couple of “misstatements” during the change of plea and wanted to call them to your 
Epstein, we will end our investigation. If Mr. Epstein chooses to go forward with a different plea in the State, 
The federal non-prosecution agreement signed by Mr. Epstein and his counsel requires Mr. Epstein to plead 
If you have any questions, please let me know. 
reasonable efforts to notify identified victims of, and consider victims’ views about, prospective plea negotiations.” Article IV, Services 
Defendant has recently been prosecuted and pleaded guilty, on June 30, 2008, in the Circuit 
3. Upon information and belief, the Defendant is engaged in plea negotiations with 
release, any plea, and any sentence, the right to confer with the attorney for the government, the 
government is able to negotiate a plea or agreement with the Defendant without her participation 
of the CVRA prior to and including any plea or other agreement with the Defendant and any 
of court proceedings, to be heard at plea and sentencing hearings, and to reasonably “confer with 
of access to the terms of a plea agreement... .” Jn re Interested Party 1, 530 F.Supp. 2d 136, 
to ascertain the victims' views on the possible details of a plea 
raises that very real possibility that the Government may negotiate and conclude a plea agreement 
Petitioner is entitled to have this conference with prosecutors before any final plea 
In re Dean, 527 F.3d 391 (5™ Cir. 2008), the Government negotiated a plea agreement with the 
the plea negotiation process by conferring with prosecutors before a plea agreement is reached.” 
please advise and we will fedex them to you without delay. 
the existence of a State felony plea and sentence that have been advocated by the State Attorney 
Further, upon execution of this agreement and a plea agreement with the State Attorney’s Office, 
information about their witnesses prior to a charge or during plea negotiations. But we firmly 
Times—including descriptions of the prosecution’s theory of the case and specific terms of a plea 
Roth is available later in the morning I could be there live. Otherwise, please call me on my cell, 
Otherwise, please call me on my cell, 
provision. | have attached a copy of the victims’ pleading for your review. 
In my portion of the argument, | advised the court of the status of Epstein’s state case: (1) he entered pleas of 
plea agreement filed with court, which it had the discretion to accept or reject. The court had questions 
regarding the completion of the agreement in September 2007, but the plea was not entered until June 30, 
The court noted that, since Epstein had entered his plea and was sentenced, this was no longer an emergency. 
Hi BB — You want to seal my declaration as well, right? Please let me know and I will change accordingly. 
Epstein’s name and made general assertions regarding the confidentiality of the negotiations. Please have 
Please do not hesitate to call me if you wish further clarification of our position or to discuss this 
ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY US BY TELEPHONE AND RETURN THE ORIGINAL BY MAIL AT THE BELOW ADDRESS, THANK YOU. 
If you have questions, please do not hesitate to call me at {J or on the hotline at 
Dear Sir or Madam: Please see the attached correspondence. Thank you for your assistance. 
If you have any questions, please call me at FY 
Dear Sir or Madam: Please see the attached correspondence. Thank you for your assistance. 
entered into pre-indictment plea negotiations that resulted in the signing of a Non- 
plead guilty to state criminal offenses that would result in the defendant’s designation as a 
Please let me know if you need any additional information, and thank you for your 
On June 30, 2008, [Defendant] entered a plea of guilty to violations of Florida Statutes 
In light of the entry of the guilty plea and sentence, the United States has agreed to 
defer federal prosecution in favor of this state plea and sentence, subject to certain 
Please understand that neither the U.S. Attorney’s Office nor the Federal Bureau of 
assistance during the course of the federal and_state investigations and please accept the 
On June 30, 2008, [defendant] entered a plea of guilty to violations of Florida Statutes 
In light of the entry of the guilty plea and sentence, the United States has agreed to 
defer federal prosecution in favor of this state plea and sentence, subject to certain 
As I stated in my earlier notification, please understand that neither the U.S. 
GE, | am doing my caseload certification. Could you please tell me what the status is on: 
work, school, or home addresses added to the list of exclusionary zones, please let me know. 
would like to have their work, school, or home addresses added to the list of exclusionary zones, please let me 
I will be on annual leave from December 19-30, 2008. If you need to reach me, please call me at I. Thanks. 
Dear Mr. Scarola: I have attached the Non-Prosecution Agreement. Please restrict its disclosure only to those who have reviewed and 
signed the Protective Order. If any other staff members or attorneys need to see this document, please have them review and sign the 
communication in error, please 
Please rev a 
P.S. — The Saturday before his plea and sentencing Goldberger_specifically told me that he would_not get work 
Epstein shall plead guilty (not nolo contendere) to the Indictment as 
796.07. In addition, Epstein shall plead guilty to an Information filed 
Epstein shall use his best efforts to enter his guilty plea and be 
In consideration of Epstein’s agreement to plead guilty and to provide compensation 
agreement and a plea agreement with the State Attorney’s Office, the federal Grand Jury 
Gentlemen: Please review the attached letter. Thank you. 
Please advise how you would like us to proceed. The agreement referred to is the Federal Non-Prosecution agreement 
sealed in the file by the judge at the time of the Epstein plea. 
Please call me at your earliest convenience. 
is very similar to your Motion. If you are more satisfied with your wording or layout for the motion, then please incorporate the 
Attached please find a draft protective order regarding the disclosure of the non-prosecution agreement to you 
and Jane Does 1 and 2. Please let us know if there are any changes you wish to make. Thanks. 
Can you please ask Jack Goldberger to send me an exact copy of what was filed under seal in the state court? I want to insure that all of us 
counsels obligation to fully disclose any promises or inducements which led to the plea agreement, the 9/24/07 agreement was filed with 
you or anyone in the USAO have any concern about a possible breach please call or email me again so we can discuss any dispute or 
parte order permitting it to negotiate a plea agreement with BP Products North America, without first consulting 
with the victims, individuals injured and survivors of those killed in a refinery explosion. A plea agreement 
court had the benefit of the views of the victims who chose to participate at the hearing held on whether the plea 
Victims and Witnesses, provides the following guidance for proposed plea agreements: 
(3) Proposed Plea Agreements. Responsible officials should make reasonable efforts to notify 
identified victims of, and consider victims' views about, prospective plea negotiations. In 
(c) Whether time is of the essence in negotiating or entering a proposed plea. 
(d) Whether the proposed plea involves confidential information or conditions. 
state plea agreement, and learned the plea hearing was scheduled for Monday, June 30, 2008, at 8:30 a.m. 
petitioner’s counsel was notified on June 27, 2008, of the plea hearing in state court on June 30, 2008. 
also provided of an expected change of plea in October 2007. When Epstein’s attorneys learned that 
state plea agreement and learned that the plea was scheduled for 8:30 a.m., Monday, June 30, 2008. 
Billionaire pleads to Fla. prostitution charge 
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. -- New York billionaire Jeffrey Epstein has pleaded guilty to soliciting prostitution 
Attached please find the emergency petition filed yesterday afternoon, and a draft declaration from the AUSA. 
Attachments: Conf Plea Negotiations final.wpd 
BB — Please see below. 
calculation that we provided at the last meeting. You and {J and I had also discussed a possible federal plea to 
an Information charging a 371 conspiracy, with a Rule 11 plea with a two-year cap, but I think [J must have 
asked Alex about it and it was nixed. Just to be prepared for tomorrow, | was just starting to draft a Rule 11 plea 
agreement in case Alex changes his mind and a formal non-prosecution agreement containing the state plea 
<<Conf Plea Negotiations final.wpd>> 
will be an article released tomorrow about our meeting and that Epstein is going to plead to a state charge and 
Please refresh my recollection. What is the “deal” on the table? 
CONFIDENTIAL PLEA NEGOTIATIONS 
e Epstein pleads guilty (not nolo contendere) to an Information filed by the Palm Beach County 
¢ After Epstein enters his state court plea and is sentenced, the FBI and the U.S. Attorney’s Office 
if you need any other information please let me know. 
if you need any other information please let me know. 
Spencer, please see me. 
some victims to inform them that he received a call from the State Attomey's Office about a plea hearing on Monday. 
If you elect to proceed with the plea agreement as currently drafted, we ask that you insert the word "imprisoned" following the words "six 
Please confirm that this change is acceptable. Thank you. 
please allow this e-mail to confirm our telephone conference of 6:30 pm on June 27 wherein we discussed the Epstein plea agreement and 
we agreed that the Epstein state plea agreement was in compliance with the September 2007 non-prosecution agreement entered into 
Please see the attached Notification Letter. 
If you elect to proceed with the plea agreement as currently drafted, we ask that you insert the word "imprisoned" following the words "six 
Please confirm that this change is acceptable. Thank you. 
please allow this e-mail to confirm our telephone conference of 6:30 pm on June 27 wherein we discussed the Epstein plea agreement and 
we agreed that the Epstein state plea agreement was in compliance with the September 2007 non-prosecution agreement entered into 
Please see the attached Notification Letter. 
If you elect to proceed with the plea agreement as currently drafted, we ask that you insert the word "imprisoned" following the words "six 
Please confirm that this change is acceptable. Thank you. 
please allow this e-mail to confirm our telephone conference of 6:30 pm on June 27 wherein we discussed the Epstein plea agreement and 
we agreed that the Epstein state plea agreement was in compliance with the September 2007 non-prosecution agreement entered into 
Please see the attached Notification Letter. 
matter? Please let me know what time works best for you. 
Epstein’s name and made general assertions regarding the confidentiality of the negotiations. Please have 
Hi J -- | think | have designed a solution to the 2255 issue and I will call you to discuss the plea. I am still finishing up these search 
Please keep us informed of the date and time of the change of plea and sentencing. 
As you remember, shortly before Mr. Epstein’s change of plea, Mr. Goldberger sent 
me a copy of the proposed plea agreement with the state. On June 27, 2008, I sent a letter 
The second sentencing paragraph of the proposed plea agreement reads: 
Thus, the proposed plea agreement with the State Attorney’s Office does not comply 
revise the state plea agreement to include the word “imprisonment” to make clear that Mr. 
Agreement. I also note that, on the state plea agreement, Mr. Goldberger did not insert the 
word “imprisonment” as agreed prior to the change of plea, instead the words “jail sentence” 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
entered pleas of guilty in state court and is incarcerated in Palm Beach County. However, they ask us to also agree to two facts regarding 
matter? Please let me know what time works best for you. 
Please advise how you would like us to proceed. The agreement referred to is the Federal Non-Prosecution agreement 
sealed in the file by the judge at the time of the Epstein plea. 
Please call me at your earliest convenience. 
If you elect to proceed with the plea agreement as currently drafted, we ask that you insert the word "imprisoned" following the words "six 
Please confirm that this change is acceptable. Thank you. 
please allow this e-mail to confirm our telephone conference of 6:30 pm on June 27 wherein we discussed the Epstein plea agreement and 
we agreed that the Epstein state plea agreement was in compliance with the September 2007 non-prosecution agreement entered into 
Please see the attached Notification Letter. 
counsels obligation to fully disclose any promises or inducements which led to the plea agreement, the 9/24/07 agreement was filed with 
you or anyone in the USAO have any concern about a possible breach please call or email me again so we can discuss any dispute or 
then please consider some additional points below that may help to expedite this matter 
(2) Jeffrey Epstein entered pleas of guilty in Florida State Court on June 30, 
(3) Asa result of the guilty pleas in Florida State Court entered on June 30, 
matter? Please let me know what time works best for you. 
wants their addres(es) added, please let me know. | am going to send an e-mail to all of the plaintiffs’ attorneys 
Dear Mr. Danchuk: | have attached the Non-Prosecution Agreement. Please restrict its disclosure only to those who have reviewed and 
signed the Protective Order. If any other staff members or attorneys need to see this document, please have them review and sign the 
Please give my regards to Ms. J. as well. 
letter that will be attached to a pleading or quoted in the paper. 
Attached please find my draft response to Edwards’ Oct 15, 2008 letter. Please ensure that it is factually 
1 also wanted to call to your attention a couple of items regarding the issue of Work Release. During the change of plea, Mr. Epstein stated 
existence for a “couple of years,” and that he had been working there “every day” prior to the plea. The Division of Corporations’ 
If Mr. Epstein enters a guilty plea in accordance with that agreement on Monday, then the subpoena will be 
withdrawn. At this point, I have not received confirmation that the change of plea is going to occur, nor have | 
received information confirming that the plea will be in conformance with our agreement. As such, at this 
| understand that there has been a recent development with respect to Mr. Epstein in that he intends to plead guilty in 
executed. Since this would seem to obviate any need for Ms. meee to testify, please let me know what is going on 
Please feel free to make your own travel arrangements, but if you would like Ms. [J travel costs to be 
attorney statement made in the course of confidential plea discussions and related negotiations, and would be 
order of immunity. Please let me know if that is correct so | can advise Ms. J. Thanks. 
Ms. _ will need to appear before the grand jury on July 1°‘ to give testimony. Please contact my 
<<080826 = Ltr to Lefkowitz and Black.wpd>> Please let me know if you have any changes. Thank you. 
Josefsberg’s fees. Please provide me with that confirmation so that Mr. Josefsberg can begin his 
earlier letter, if you have any proposed substantive changes, please provide them to me. 
agreement. Notice was also provided of an expected change of plea in October 2007. When 
proposed state plea agreement and learned that the plea was scheduled for 8:30 a.m., Monday, June 
F2Please note that the dates on the U.S. Attorney’s Office letters to are not the dates that 
Please review the attached letter. 
Please review the attached letter. 
if you need any other information please let me know. 
Hi (J -- | think I have designed a solution to the 2255 issue and I will call you to discuss the plea. I am still finishing up these search 
Please keep us informed of the date and time of the change of plea and sentencing. 
 sTAPtES | investment manager who's agreed to plead guilty to soliciting underage 
News owner Mort Zuckerman, pleaded guilty to a state charge in exchange 
P.S. Goldberger accepted the proposed change to the plea agreement, so it looks like the plea is probably going 
please let us know. 
4. On May 26, 2009, Epstein’s counsel filed a pleading in federal court that essentially argues that the civil 
Please see attached letter regarding Jeffrey Epstein. The original, with the 
completes his obligations under the state plea agreement means that a “criminal action” is 
is in control of his own destiny — it is up to him (and him alone) whether the plea agreement 
14} on pages 13 and 14 of their pleading or of their response memo 
11] the Government, that says he has to plead guilty or he can't 
10} offense. Okay. Well, what's that mean? What did he plead to? 
11] Well, he really didn't plead to anything, which is another 
4!) typical case. He has written in his pleadings that he wants to 
3 And I've tried to review as many of the pleadings as 
10 The pleading that we found to be in breach -- the 
13} victims, as you know from the pleadings, come from not wealthy 
4 The issue with the pleading that he filed, the motion 
9} suggested in 102 when that pleading is filed, that certainly is 
14]/ another pleading with the Court that says depending on what the 
22]) not going to comment about it. But please don't take our lack 
plead 17:11 18:10,11 
pleading 7:14 31:10 
pleadings 23:4 31:3 
please 41:22 
Prosecutors said he recruited girls to give him massages, which became sexual in nature. Epstein had pleaded not guilty. 
Thomas and Noel have pleaded not guilty to charges including filing false records, which carries a maximum sentence of 
Prosecutors said he recruited girls to give him massages, which became sexual in nature. Epstein had pleaded not guilty. 
Thomas and Noel have pleaded not guilty to charges including filing false records, which carries a maximum sentence of 
assistance, please call the main public affairs phone number a 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
> | keep getting these emails. Do I need to submit anything else? Please advise — thanks. 
> Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your 
>> Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
I keep getting these emails. Do I need to submit anything else? Please advise — thanks. 
: Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
> Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Chiefs and Project Safe Childhood Coordinator, please remind the assigned AUSA to make updates in their 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are here, and we will meet 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any reason: 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know 
Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are here, and we will 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any reason: 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know 
up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
Also, if you could please include jj and J on any communications—! know it’s often convenient to just hit 
With apologies for the delay, attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government's reply in support of its detention 
And of course if anything comes up that you want to reach out to us about, please don’t hesitate at all. 
Also, if you could please include jj and J on any communications—| know it’s often convenient to just hit 
With apologies for the delay, attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government's reply in support of its detention 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in connection with 
Moreover, if you intend to disclose the existence of this subpoena to a third party, please let me 
That time works for us, thanks. Could you please circulate a dial-in? 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of 
RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING 
RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government's letter motion requesting that the Court approve the enclosed 
assistance in connection with United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact For all other matters, 
and given the BOP press release that was just put out I assume we need to speak with someone there. Please 
has now been hours since this was reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a 
Please advise. 
=. - may be delayed. For urgent matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or  —_— at = 
Per our conversation earlier today, please find attached a letter responding to your request for information relating to 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA EM for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
Please try to log into Relativity now and you should be able to access the database. 
sure | still have access, please? Thanks! 
round of materials — most importantly, for any phone bills or invoices, in the index they create, please have them list the 
Please let us know if any other questions or issues, let me know if I’m forgetting anything, and thanks as always. 
flash drive and figured you would like to review the data before it is loaded to Relativity. Please let me know if you are in 
RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING 
RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
assistance in connection with United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact au at aa For all other matters, 
assistance in connection with United States v. E 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact AUS For all other matters, 
please contact AUSA Thank you. 
assistance in connection with United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact ausa =: For all other matters, 
please contact ————, hank you. 
assistance in connection with United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact AUSA as tts For all other matters, 
please contact ui ee Thank you. 
Please send them to MJ at 1 St Andrews. Thank you 
All of the productions (production 15 & 16) has been copied to both hard drives. Please let me know who should receive 
Please review and let me know if there are any questions. 
If there are any questions please let me know. 
Thank you for this lovely and heartfelt note. It has been a pleasure working with you on some of the Office’s 
to me. Please know that my only concern is protecting this Office and your work. It is the privilege of a lifetime to be 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Please let us know if you have any additional questions, and in particular whether any other information from us 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
hotel (attached) but it doesn’t seem to say anything about a conference room. Could you please let us know either way? 
And if not yet, could you please reserve that for us tomorrow (Tuesday) and let us know when it’s finalized? 
GE, if you could please book me on the following flights: 
Please let us know if any questions or issues, and thanks as always. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), J and | would like to please 
element, we’d like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
PLEASE RETAIN FOR VOUCHERING OR 
*******TO BOOK RESERVATIONS ONLINE PLEASE VISIT******* 
PLEASE CALL LOCAL OFFICE DURING NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS 
****IF INTERNATIONAL 800 NUMBER DOES NOT WORK PLEASE*** 
PLEASE VISIT WWW.CARLSONWAGONLIT.COM/AIRLINEBAGGAGEFEES 
Wanted to follow up on this — please let us know? I can call them directly if that’s necessary. Thanks! 
hotel (attached) but it doesn’t seem to say anything about a conference room. Could you please let us know either 
way? And if not yet, could you please reserve that for us tomorrow (Tuesday) and let us know when it’s finalized? 
GE, if you could please book me on the following flights: 
Please let us know if any questions or issues, and thanks as always. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), J and | would like to please 
element, we’d like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel 
conference room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Following up on this, in connection with the L.A. trip, could you please book me on the following flights: 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA [EEE for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
notification, if any, is permitted, if a jurisdiction has questions regarding community notification, please 
(Please note: a conviction for an attempt is generally punishable at one grade below the classification of 
only and may not be shared with the public. Please refer to the beginning 
Please find attached a letter responding to your Touhy request. 
Please see the attached letter of today’s date. A copy will also be sent via Fedex. Thank you. 
recipient), please contact the sender by reply e-mail or telephone, and delete all copies of this message. 
the full extent of the law. Please be advised, however, that Panish Shea & Boyle LLP and its lawyers do not represent you until you 
Department to provide certain documents responsive to your request. Please find electronic 
Please contact me once you have had a chance to review this letter if you would like to 
Subject: Acosta Defends Epstein Plea At Labor Committee Hearing - Law360 
Acosta Defends Epstein Plea At Labor Committee Hearing 
defends-epstein-plea-at-labor-committee-hearing 
guilty plea to lesser state charges. The unusually 
MIAMI — Federal prosecutors say a once-secret plea deal reached over a decade 
The 2008 deal ended a federal investigation. It allowed Epstein to plead guilty to 
Please drop me a line or give me a call. My cell is 
Please do file. And please circulate their filing. 
Please provide by noon tomorrow all the underlying New Mexico documents, including applications and 
protective orders in these proceedings, we would be pleased to provide 
suggested that Epstein received a plea deal that amounted to a “slap on 
We thank the Court for its consideration and would be pleased to 
do it at four or on Wednesday. Please advise 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the sender that you have received the 
Apologies for the delay. Would you please let us know what times would work for you and the 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
the morning if that works. Please let me know 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
Amendment privilege against compelled self-incrimination. Please let me know if you will require her to 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
please feel free to reach out to any of us at any time; we're all available via email or at the following phone 
As we mentioned, please don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions, and we look forward to setting a 
[Arraignment | | Bondhearing | | Bond signing [ [change of plea 
Please let us know if you can attend or not. Just reply to this email or send In a completed reservation 
this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Thanks for letting us know about the possible meeting location change— please let us know once you've been able to 
Our first discovery production will include approximately 12 GB of data. As a result, we need to request that you please 
Additionally, if you would like Mr. Epstein to receive his own electronic copy of the discovery to review at the MCC, please 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
WS GE | sent from my iPhone - please excuse brevity and errors. 
message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. QR EE is admitted to 
Be GR | sent from my iPhone - please excuse brevity and errors. 
Gl GE - sent from my iPhone - please excuse brevity and errors. 
message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. QE EE is admitted to 
Hl GE - sent from my iPhone - please excuse brevity and errors. 
Hl GE - sent from my iPhone - please excuse brevity and errors. 
message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. QE EE is admitted to 
following up on the topics of how BE «ame to work for Mr. Epstein, both in 2005 and 2015. Please let me 
hearing on Thursday, unless it is important to receive them before then, in which case please let me know and I'll try to 
aren't able to connect today please let me know, but hopefully we can get it coordinated. The contact is Special 
Wanted to send this to you as well in case your co-counsel can’t receive it in the Court. Please let me know if it 
arraignment referred by Judge Berman, attached please find a memorandum from the government on the issue of 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
to do it at four or on Wednesday. Please advise 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the sender that you have received 
Apologies for the delay. Would you please let us know what times would work for you -~ 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
in the morning if that works. Please let me know 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
Amendment privilege against compelled self-incrimination. Please let me know if you will require her to 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
team, please feel free to reach out to any of us at any time; we're all available via email or at the following 
As we mentioned, please don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions, and we look forward to setting a 
Our clients’ names are i Please be 
being released to the public. Please advise immediately if it appears as if our clients’ identities will be 
case to move forward, please advise prior to doing so, so that our clients can make an informed 
Please let us know if you need any additional information at this time; otherwise, we look forward to 
a For mass matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case a or 
Please let me know if you have any difficulty accessing the discovery on the drive. 
Please see the attached letter. 
sure whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by return e-mail and destroy any copies--electronic, paper or otherwise--which you may have of this 
communication in error or are not sure whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by 
communication in error or are not sure whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
to do it at four or on Wednesday. Please advise 
Please excuse ty 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the sender that you have received 
Apologies for the delay. Would you please let us know what times would work for you and aa: 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
in the morning if that works. Please let me know 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
Amendment privilege against compelled self-incrimination. Please let me know if you will require her to 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
team, please feel free to reach out to any of us at any time; we're all available via email or at the following 
As we mentioned, please don’t hesitate to reach out with any and we look forward to setting a 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to a disc: 
Would you please forward this to whoever is currently handling the tipline? 
press release. Could you please forward this to your FBI agents and let them deal with it? If they get back to you 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to a disc: 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to a disc: 
At his plea and sentencing, the judge asked why Epstein was going to serve his sentence in 
His carefully constructed plea and sentence accomplished Epstein avoiding the Jimmy Ryce 
departure, or plea bargain. Epstein avoided a 21.5-month prison system via plea bargain. 
constructed sentence. According to the plea sheet he signed, regarding his conviction for felony 
time of his plea, as 4, which translates to a moderate to high risk of re-offending. 
usual probable cause affidavit setting forth the facts of the crime was not filed.* He plead guilty 
four days later. Does the transcript of the plea colloquy set forth a factual basis, or did he 
*** This email was sent via my iPhone using the dictation app... Please understand there may be some typographical or 
If you have received this communication in error, please notify sender immediately by re-sending 
you aware of any victims who would like to make a statement to local law enforcement please advise. Feel free to pass 
*** This email was sent via my iPhone using the dictation app... Please understand there may be some 
If you have received this communication in error, please notify sender immediately by re-sending 
| wanted to follow up to check in—please let us know if you’re having any issues connecting with the FBI's victim 
discussed, please feel free to contact the FBI's victim coordinator, who can speak with you about resources that might be 
GB safety and wellness, so please do not hesitate to reach out if there are any issues. 
Please be advised that we received the following report from the Bureau of Prisons MCC New York at 2115 hours on 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to a disc: 
Please be advised that we received he following report from the Bureau of Prisons MCC New York at 2115 hours on this 
the pretrial schedule. Please let us know if you have any comments. 
criminal behavior, to please call us. The number is 1-800-CALL-FBL We want to hear from 
please contact the FBI at 1-800-CALL FBI, and reference this case. 
by Jeffery Epstein, or anyone who may have information about his alleged criminal behavior, to please call us. 
Attached is the final PR for review. Please note that i= =] quote includes the number to call, so we need to 
by Jeffery Epstein, or anyone who may have information about his alleged criminal behavior, to please call us. 
Attached ts the final PR for review. Please note that See quote includes the number to call, so we need to 
by Jeffery Epstein, or anyone who may have information about his alleged criminal behavior, to please call us. 
Attached is the final PR for review. Please note that 3 quote includes the number to call, so we need to 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailing 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed index, and the enclosed materials are governed 
Can you please confirm whether that was intentional or let us know what additional documents are contained in that 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. 
testifying witness material and exhibits are also ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter 
Please let us know if you would like to pick up the drive today or if you would like us to FedEx it (and if so, to where). 
Please let us know if you would like us to send today via FedEx a hard drive with these materials to Ms. Maxwell at the 
https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/14875477/ghislaine-maxwell-plea-deal-same-fate-as-epstein/ 
| am writing to confer with you prior to bringing this to the Court’s attention. Please let me know if you believe Mr. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
Following up on our conversation yesterday, please let us know if there are any scheduling conflicts we should be aware 
Please see the attached order regarding the trial date in this case. We'll update you when we have more information. 
September and December. As | mentioned, I’m waiting for trial dates for 1-2 trials as courts open back up, so please let 
list ve is prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately at the email address above 
about this particular issue between May 6, 2021 and May 12, 2021. Would you please either point us to the relevant 
Attached please find Ms. Maxwell’s Letter Response to the government’s submission on the Rule 17 subpoena items 9-11, 
In your lefier, please provide the following informaton: (1) your name and account number (2) the doWar amount of the suspected error, and (3) a description of the error and explanation, f you can, why you bebeve there is an error, If you need 
With apologies for the delay, attached please find the defendant's letter regarding the proposed limiting instructions in 
Please let us know if that works for you. 
Attached please find a letter motion to file a reply in support of the Government's motion to preclude the testimony of Dr. 
Hi, the FPTC for the above case is scheduled to take place tomorrow for 4 hours beginning at 9:30. Please let 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please confirm as soon as possible that a copy of the response was served on counsel for the moving parties. 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Response to the Letter Motions to Quash her Rule 17(c) 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please confirm as soon as possible that a copy of the response was served on counsel for the moving parties. 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Letter Motions to Quash her Rule 17(c) 
STACEY RICHMAN <>. | am going to confirm BOP has these, but please let me know if there is 
PLEASE CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT: 1-800-888 
PLEASE CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT: 1-800-888-7600 
PLEAS® CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT: 1-800-888-7600 
PLEASE CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT: 1-800-888-7 
PLEASE CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT -800-888-7600 
PLEASE 
PLEASE CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE 
PLEASE CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT: 1-800-888-7600 PAGE 
a description of these government oa please visit our website at: 
PLEASE CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT: 1-800-888-7600' 
PLEASE CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT: 
PLEAS® CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT: 1-800-888-7600 
PLEASE CALL OUR CUSTOMER CARE DEPARTMENT: 800-888-76 
PLEAS! 
Please let us know if you have any issues accessing the materials. 
Please consider the environment before printing this email. 
the intended recipient, please notify us immediately—by replying to this message or by sending an email to postmaster@wilmerhale.com—and destroy all 
For more information about WilmerHale, please visit us at http://www.wilmerhale.com. 
Should you require any additional materials, please do not hesitate to contact us. 
Please let us know if you have any proposed redactions. Per our previous process, we'll file a cover letter and send the 
Attached please find a letter regarding the Government’s anticipated order of witnesses. As explained in the letter, the 
Please see attached letter regarding Mr. Ij anticipated testimony. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Attached please find an Order issued by Judge Nathan, which will be docketed tomorrow morning. 
Please confirm receipt. 
Attached please find a letter motion to preclude cross-examination. The Government respectfully submits this filing 
ae open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
Please see the attached reply letter regarding the Government's motion to preclude certain cross-examination. The 
RE open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
a. open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
Please transmit this UMR and copy those on this email on the confirmation. Thank you! 
ill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
WB fan club is requesting a transcript of the opening. Can you please let me know whether it’s okay to send Martin the 
Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this e-mail. 
(And please tel J hi back!) 
Gene is on it. Can | please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? 
Everdell and Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
have any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and 
(And please tel hi back!) 
HB is on it. Can! please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? 
Chris Everdell and Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all 
and never provide user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email 
I have yet to receive access to CAIR and need it on Monday. Please inquire. 
back in and is now in storage. If any of this needs clarification, please feel free to call my cell so we 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Rule 16(b)(1)(C) Disclosures. 
Epstein case until further notice and will be helping out on a part time basis. Please hold off on 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
if there is any more granularity on this topic (or any additional topic or topics), please let us know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Attached please find the signed proffer agreement. It was nice seeing everyone yesterday. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell_com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Not a problem at all -- I've added everyone to the calendar invitation. Please let us know if any other tech issues crop up, 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
into a cooperation agreement, plea agreement, immunity or non-prosecution agreement. The 
Attached please find the fully executed proffer agreement with the agent’s initials and my initials added. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
if there is any more granularity on this topic (or any additional topic or topics), please let us know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell_com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Attached please find the signed proffer agreement. It was nice seeing everyone yesterday. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Not a problem at all -- I've added everyone to the calendar invitation. Please let us know if any other tech issues crop up, 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Please call me at your earliest convenience. 
Please confirm: 
If so, please explain: 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
not get anything more, but let us know if we do that you want to see it. I, please 
user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org 
Below is the list of potential testifying witnesses as discussed. Please run rap sheets as discussed. Do you think you could 
Thanks very much. Could you please send us the account statements for a few months after these documents were 
If you have any question, please contact me. 
Please let me know asap. 
Hello S..Jeffrey would like to speak with you...could you please give him a call at 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Making the best,, send photos please 
would be my pleasure 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Making the best,, send photos please 
pleasure 
preclude the possibility that the FBI does have a record. If you desire this information, please submit a 
Thanks! Could you please send us these files in PDF format? I’m having a hard time opening them. 
user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing(@nypd.org 
Below is the list of potential testifying witnesses as discussed. Please run rap sheets as discussed. Do you think you 
Here is a draft cover letter. Please feel free to edit. | left a few things highlighted that | wasn’t sure about. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please contact me immediately. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please explain why delivery of Ms. Maxwell’s mail has been delayed. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
| only have airfare for 8 people and | am missing the ticketed one for = =F Please send me the ones | am missing from this list. 
Also, please send me the hotel reservations. 
**DO NOT DELETE*® For voucher processing, please retain the attached Eticket Receipt / Invoice (zero dollar invoices are no longer available). 
This is an automated email notification. Please do not respond to this email address. This mailbox is not monitored and emails sent to this box will not 
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender 
PLEASE RETAIN FOR VOUCHERING OR 
*******TOQ BOOK RESERVATIONS ONLINE PLEASE VISIT******* 
PLEASE CALL LOCAL OFFICE DURING NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS 
****IF INTERNATIONAL 800 NUMBER DOES NOT WORK PLEASE*** 
PLEASE GO TO WWW.TSA.GOV 
PLEASE VISIT WWW.CARLSONWAGONLIT.COM/AIRLINEBAGGAGEFEES 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
Thanks very much. Could you please send us the account statements for a few months after these documents were 
If you have any question, please contact me. 
Draft letter attached. Please review for accuracy and let me know if you have any edits. | included the language about 
reach him on that number please call his personal number: I. 
which one of you will by flying out, please let us know when you can. 
please notify us before December 1, 1999. Cash and Short Term 3 
In your lefter, please provide the following information: (1) your name and account number (2) the doWlar amount of the suspected error and (3) @ description of the error and explanation, f you can, why you bebeve there is an error. If you need 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
If you have any questions, or if you have difficulty certifying the record, please give me a call at the below number. 
If you are not already doing so, please begin addressing all legal requests to Cingular Wireless. 
Additionally, effective immediately, please fax all legal requests to Cingular Wireless at 1-888-938-4715. 
you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone to arrange for the return of this communication to us at our 
Attachments: plea submission, with attachments.pdf 
FORBES: hittps:/woww.forbes.com/sites/andreatinianow/2020/10/05/crypto-fraudster-pleads-guilty-to-fraud 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
Would you please resend? 
And | believe we are still waiting on images and videos from the below devices (but please let me know if I’m wrong): 
This all makes sense, thanks very much. Please let us know when the discs are sent? And | guess also when the hard copy 
Please see my responses below. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. I'll be in bright and early Monday morning. 
two boxes from FBI case file 72-MM-113327 and the remainder from FBI case file 31E-MM-108062. Please don’t hesitate 
be available on Thursday or Friday of this week instead, please? 
scheduled to arrive at 8am, so the MDC asked that you two please arrive at 7:45 and ask for the Captain, so that the 
Thanks very much again to you both, and please give me a call if any issues or questions come up. 
reminder, please do not engage Maxwell in any conversation. 
If you have any issues or questions at all, please do not hesitate to call me on my cellphone iii 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by replying to the 
need urgent assistance before then, please contact [I at 
Would you please? 
the disposition of Epstein’s property. | was assigned to respond to this. Please advise. 
(see email attached), this has been assigned to USAO-SDNY for handling. Please let me know if you have any questions or 
Thanks fi. If any of you have a moment for a forfeiture-related question in the next few days, please let me 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HS 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Would you please book her travel? Info is below: 
Please let me know if you have any questions or need any additional information. 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
Please allow me to thank you on behalf of the Office. The matter required close review of many documents --- with the 
Please send me a number where we can reach you. Or you can call me on my cell at A. 
Please let me know when you have time to discuss this case. 
prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this 
prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this 
ae open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
I’m going to visit BE ody. Please let me know if the Government is still interested in interviewing 
Nathan. Ms. [J would like to attend the trial. Could you please advise me as to what protocols will be 
routing, is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this message 
intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this message and any attachment from your 
Below is Monday’s draft guidance. Please review and let us know if we need to make any edits. 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS 
criminal behavior, to please call us. The number is 1-800-CALL-FBI. We want to hear from 
please contact the FBI at 1-800-CALL FBI, and reference this case. 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Thanks very much, J. Looping in JJ and J. Please do keep exploring the J option. If it's doable it might 
With apologies for adding to your full plate, Audrey asked if you could please come up with a paragraph to put at the top 
please leave extra time to get into the building (which may mean we should also send out the advisory earlier than 
NOTE: Please silence all cell phones, PDAs, and pagers before start of press conference. 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE 
NOTE: Please silence all cell phones, PDAs, and pagers before start of press conference. 
Thanks very much, [J Looping in Jj and J Please do keep exploring the Jj IJ option. If it’s doable it might 
With apologies for adding to your full plate, Audrey asked if you could please come up with a paragraph to put at the top 
please leave extra time to get into the building (which may mean we should also send out the advisory earlier than 
Please see attached for your review. 
> I will have to do catching up here. If there are materials I can review over the weekend, please send. 
Hi, | am enclosing a FOIA request, below. Please let me know if | can be of any help in explaining this 
of the request needs to be processed by another agency, please inform me which agency that is and 
Please contact me if | may assist in your office's response to this request. 
Hi, | am enclosing a FOIA request, below. Please let me know if | can be of any help in explaining this 
of the request needs to be processed by another agency, please inform me which agency that is and 
Please contact me if | may assist in your office's response to this request. 
Please note, exemption (b)(7)(A) is a temporary exemption utilized to protect active and 
If you have questions about this response please feel free to contact me at 
Please be advised that this Office's decision was made only after a full review of this 
' Please be advised that since this Office determined that records responsive to your request were properly withheld 
Hi, Lam enclosing a FOIA request, below. Please Iet me know if | can be of 
request needs to be processed by another agency, please inform me which 
Please contact me if | may assist in your office's response to this request. 
Hi, | am enclosing a FOIA request, below. Please let me know if | can be of any help in explaining this 
of the request needs to be processed by another agency, please inform me which agency that is and 
Please contact me if | may assist in your office's response to this request. 
If you would like to discuss how to make your request less burdensome, please feel free 
It is well settled in the Second Circuit that “a plea agreement in one U.S. Attorney’s office 
(2d Cir. 2010) (“A plea agreement binds only the office of the United States Attorney for the 
district in which the plea is entered unless it affirmatively appears that the agreement contemplates 
abrogate these principles. Annabi, 771 F.2d at 672 (“[A] plea agreement whereby a federal 
contrary.”). “The mere use of the term ‘government’ in the plea agreement does not create an 
2002 WL 34244994, at *2 (2d Cir. Apr. 26, 2002) (in analyzing an SDFL plea agreement, 
reiterating the holding of Annabi and noting that it applies “even if the plea agreement purports to 
plea agreement covers only Defendant’s liability in the SDFL.”). * 
the law in this Circuit, which presumes a narrow reading of the boundaries of a plea agreement 
that “a plea agreement in one U.S. Attorney’s office does not, unless otherwise stated, bind 
another.” United States v. Prisco, 391 F. App’x 920, 921 (2d Cir. 2010) (“A plea agreement binds 
only the office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it 
which presumes a narrow reading of the boundaries of a plea agreement unless a defendant can 
defendant pleading guilty to counts relating to “obstruction,” as well as “harassment,” with 
that the defendant could plead guilty to 18 U.S.C. § 403, that is, a knowing or intentional violation 
a possible obstruction plea that “could rely on the incident where Mr. Epstein’s private 
this communication. If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic 
Thanks so much. | should have clarified that Geoff wanted to review them over the weekend. Could you please also send 
Can you please shoot me those docs when you can? Thanks very much. 
GE, please send a copy of the sealed Indictment of Mr. Epstein to this email address. | will maintain its 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
trying to reach out to victims and their counsel, but | nevertheless wanted to reach out to you directly — could you please 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein pleads not guilty to sex trafficking charges 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein pleads not guilty to sex trafficking charges 
https://nypost.com/2019/07/08/jeffrey-epstein-pleads-not-guilty-to-sex-trafficking-charges/ 
i having some computer issues so I’m sending — please see attached. 
Please join me and Jj in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, i, who 
by Jeffery Epstein, or anyone who may have information about his alleged criminal behavior, to please call us. 
Attached ts the final PR for review. Please note that 1 quote includes the number to call, so we need to 
Please have your legal asst. create a travel auth. in E2 for [J to officially fund & approve today. Thanks 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
It’s still up in the air whether I'll be on this trip to Florida later this week, but could you please create a travel authorization 
Please have your legal asst. create a travel auth. in E2 for a to officially fund & approve today. Thanks 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please e-mail when youg et this 
Subject: Please email me your airfare & hotel itin today. Thanks 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
It’s still up in the air whether I'll be on this trip to Florida later this week, but could you please create a travel authorization 
Please have your legal asst. create a travel auth. in E2 for [J to officially fund & approve today. Thanks 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
BR and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
It’s still up in the air whether I'll be on this trip to Florida later this week, but could you please create a travel authorization 
Please have your legal asst. create a travel auth. in E2 for [J to officially fund & approve today. Thanks 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
BR and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please join me and Jj in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, i, 
Please join me and Jj in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, qq, 
Separately, | may have conveyed this previously, but in case not, please feel free to call my cell anytime tonight (or early 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of 
Following up on our phone conversation this evening, attached please find the Indictment returned by the grand jury 
Separately, | may have conveyed this previously, but in case not, please feel free to call my cell anytime tonight (or early 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of 
Following up on our phone conversation this evening, attached please find the Indictment returned by the grand jury 
Please e-mail when youg et this 
THE DEPUTY CLERK: Counsel, please state your name for 
Can I have the date and time of arrest, please? 
THE COURT: Mr. Epstein, how do you plead? 
THE COURT: Whatever your pleasure is. 
fact there is evidence that he was contemplating pleading 
a potential plea of the defendant to obstruction or harassment 
The agreement involved a plea in state court to 
Florida agreed to the plea to the state offense because there 
There are no changes to the plea agreement I sent on Wednesday, 7/3 -- attached again here. And the Magistrate 
Court sent an email yesterday scheduling the plea for tomorrow (Wednesday, July 10) at 11:30 a.m. (their email 
Please send me the plea agreement today. 
We are available for a call to discuss tomorrow between 1pm and 2pm, between 3pm and Spm, or after 5:30pm. Please 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
Urgent. Please send the below email and the attachment back to me. 
Please issue an approval from EOUSA for her travel to the U.K. 
Please go ahead with this. Time sensitive. 
Please let me know if you have any questions 
0131M; please retain for your records. 
If you have any contract related questions, please don’t hesitate to contact me. 
Please email all invoices and payment related questions to i Remember to include 
will be required to leave the courthouse. There are no exceptions. For more information, please 
Can someone please reserve a seat for me? I'll try to get there at 9 after | drop off the kids. 
GE Wil! open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
THE DEPUTY CLERK: Counsel, please state your name for 
Can I have the date and time of arrest, please? 
THE COURT: Mr. Epstein, how do you plead? 
THE COURT: Whatever your pleasure is. 
fact there is evidence that he was contemplating pleading 
a potential plea of the defendant to obstruction or harassment 
The agreement involved a plea in state court to 
Florida agreed to the plea to the state offense because there 
the hard copy binder. Good luck tomorrow—please let me know if there’s anything else | can do to help you prepare. 
In response to our thousands of complaint, you have ignored our pleas to not only “keep our 
Attached please find a slightly revised draft, incorporating edits from J. 
Attached please find the most recent draft of the Maxwell indictment, which incorporates the most recent round of edits 
My view is that we should open on this today, and bring in FBI-NY’s sex crimes squad. [i please let me know if you 
Please pardon the interruption. Just confirming that you've all seen article in NYT re Epstein and 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HS 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Subject: Justice Department opens probe into Jeffrey Epstein plea deal 
Justice Department opens probe into Jeffrey Epstein plea deal 
a controversial plea deal with a wealthy New York investor accused of molesting more than 100 underage girls in 
attorneys worked hand-in-hand with defense attorneys to cut a lenient plea deal with multimillionaire Jeffrey 
from ipm to 3pm. Is there a time in any of those windows when we could have a call, please? 
from 1pm to 3pm. Is there a time in any of those windows when we could have a call, please? 
provide her the rights promised in the CVRA with regard to the plea arrangement with Epstein. 
pleading. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at 347-344-8771. 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and | will inquire as 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pear! Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
o Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
e As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
e Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
« Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
please? The warehouse will be open until 4:30pm, though I’m told | can request additional time in advance if you think 
files” being the standard then. Can you please confirm? | know that Chris has written separately about the many files for 
“Missing from Assigned Box” items — can you please provide more of an explanation for all “missing items”? 
week of April 19". Please just let me know what day you prefer, and we will coordinate with the FBI to arrange for the 
the “excluded from transportation” items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at a. 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and | will inquire as 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
o Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
« As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
e Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
« Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
files” being the standard then. Can you please confirm? | know that Chris has written separately about the many files for 
“Missing from Assigned Box” items — can you please provide more of an explanation for all “missing items”? 
week of April 19". Please just let me know what day you prefer, and we will coordinate with the FBI to arrange for the 
the “excluded from transportation” items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at i. 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and | will inquire as 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
o Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
« As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
e Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
on the fifth floor of 500 Pear! for the review. Would you please send me a list of the names of everyone who you expect 
Below please find responses to the issues you raised: 
files” being the standard then. Can you please confirm? | know that Chris has written separately about the many files for 
“Missing from Assigned Box” items — can you please provide more of an explanation for all “missing items”? 
week of April 19". Please just let me know what day you prefer, and we will coordinate with the FBI to arrange for the 
the “excluded from transportation” items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at A. 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and | will inquire as 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
o Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
e As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
e Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
e Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
Attached please find a letter regarding Florida Item 8, Subitem 8. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
area on the fifth floor of 500 Pear! for the review. Would you please send me a list of the names of everyone who you 
Below please find responses to the issues you raised: 
“electronic files” being the standard then. Can you please confirm? | know that Chris has written separately about the 
“Missing from Assigned Box” items — can you please provide more of an explanation for all “missing items”? 
the week of April 19'". Please just let me know what day you prefer, and we will coordinate with the FBI to arrange for 
of the “excluded from transportation” items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
assisting with logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at I. 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
not be available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and | will 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
Government does not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files 
o Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
e As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they 
e Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
« Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
If you are filing that one unredacted pleading, would you be willing to file the others as well? I think the court 
| am done reviewing the first 100 folders so if you want to get started stamping, please feel free. (If you are planning to 
Please move it and delete his folder. Same thing for the folder. 
¢ EER is the same person as I, a potential testifying witness. Could you please move those 
- Inthe MM folder, there’s a transcript of a deposition of Mark Epstein. Could you please move that into a 
any SDFL grand jury stuff, please). Instead, I’m going to send you excerpts to go in each folder. 
- For the MM folder: please move that one item to the withhold folder of the MY folder and 
« Please delete the folders i i _ _ 
- For the MM folder, please move the file marked Guardian Information to the MM folder and 
« Please move the contents of the MY folder to the MM folder and delete the 
e Please nove the not-a-witness folder 
cin one item. Please move that to the [J IJ folder and delete the folder for 
-Could you please move the J EJ folder to the potential testifying witness folder, and if possible could you 
please ask an intern to do a rough transcript of the recording? 
-For the folder, please move that one item to the] folder and delete the J folder 
Please move it and delete his folder. Same thing for th folder. 
¢ EE is the same person as I, a potential testifying witness. Could you please move those 
- Inthe MM folder, there’s a transcript of a deposition of Mark Epstein. Could you please move that into a 
: could you please 
« Please delete the following folders: 
- EG is the same person as I, EJ — would you please move everything from the 
» Please merge everything in the J) EJ folder into the I EM folder 
- ER, GE is the same persons as I, EE who is a testifying witness. Would you please move the 
Please move it and delete his folder. Same thing for ‘he a °'°c: 
¢ HES BM is the same person as J EE, a potential testifying witness. Could you please move those 
- Inthe MM folder, there’s a transcript of a deposition of Mark Epstein. Could you please move that into a 
Attached for review please find a draft letter responding to Maxwell’s most recent complaints about the MDC. I’ve 
anticipated production of the Seized Materials in the pending case, please advise whether the co- 
Great, thanks. And yeah if on Monday you could please double-check both the spreadsheet question and the blank files, 
Could you please confirm that | have those additions correct, and that I’m not missing any? And it looks like all of those 
NYC024395 — could you please let us know what that means? 
Yes, please do. 
Please advise once you've had a chance to consider. 
the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately. 
Please advise once you've had a chance to consider. 
confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us 
week. Please let me know if he should continue to keep the cell secured and unoccupied or if he can begin 
For this folder, could you please pull the emails that are in the folder and put them in a second production folder? 
Please contact me to discuss. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Please can you send me the opinion you mentioned? Thanks! 
Would you please save the attached pdf in J testifying witness 3500 folder and in his witness folder on the 
immediate attention, please contact | oO call my ll 
immediate attention, please contact | call my cell, ae 
to, please? 
whether you can please provide the name of the sender of the certified mail you referenced so that they can attempt 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
the last memo. Please let me know if there are any edits you'd like me tc , or additional information you 
reached at or FO She is awaiting your reach out. Please let me 
locate. Please let me know if you have availability on either of those days. 
collection, in particular, please let us know. And if a call on those issues would be helpful, happy to set one up. 
for a quick call? If so, please let us know what might work for you. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Hi (MM: Please see our proposed letter, which I understand you would like to review, as well as 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss this further. 
I hope you are enjoying the holiday season. When you have a moment, could we please get on a call to discuss the below email from 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please let us know of the status of hard drive containing complete production; 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Would you mind booking my travel arrangements for this trip as well, please? | won’t need a hotel, but I'd like to book the 
In connection with this trip next week, could you possibly book my travel arrangements, please? That would be a big help, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
FBI has even started on the island materials, for example — so wanted to check on timing. Could you please let us know 
Please respond at your earliest convenience. Thank you. 
for an interview via video conference, BB hose the week of August 26th. Please confirm whether your office 
of Ms. m 2004. If possible, please confirm whether our clients are in any of the 
ror, any review, use, disseminatic stributic yr copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibit 28s t the error by return e-mail and please delete 
made to you please consider it as a Rule 16 request as we view this information as discoverable as 
this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and 
the request to be considered locally. Please also be advised that we would have to seek authority under Touhy through the 
this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and 
Apologies for any confusion, and please let us know if you have any questions. 
Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions. 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
telephone rather than rely on regular mail or facsimile transmission to provide such notice. Please 
Please do not hesitate to contact us at [J or pmoyne@akingump.com if you 
Please read carefully. The following information is not to be taken lightly. The following information will 
more. Happy to discuss further if that’s useful but yes, please do feel totally free to acknowledge. 
If you need anything else, please let me know. 
able to please share with us the procedure that they should follow, so that we can make sure they understand what 
However, I understand that she just came into custody today and there is a more urgent deadline. If you can please 
evening, please? 
emergency request but haven't heard back. Please let us know the status as soon as possible? They also wanted to confirm 
If you need anything else, please let me know. 
Would you be able to please share with us the procedure that they should follow, so that we can make sure they 
However, I understand that she just came into custody today and there is a more urgent deadline. If you can please 
evening, please? 
will not log on using all of them), but please let us know if you need us to include any other email addresses for logging 
And please let us know if either of you would like to chat tomorrow in advance of the discussion, otherwise we'll look 
Please provide details as to how you want to handle the connection. 
Please advise if any problems. 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
I'm not sure if you are the right person to speak to so please redirect this email if necessary. 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not 
that it has not been delivered yet due to technical problems. | am forwarding it on to you myself. Please confirm receipt. 
Attached please find our proposed Protective Order, with a redline and a clean copy. 
Please let us know if our proposal is agreeable to you and we can file it with the Court as unopposed. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify 
Attached please find the following documents submitted to the Court and all counsel under seal pursuant to the Court’s 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
producing them. If you would like to discuss further, please give us a call. 
the request to be considered locally. Please also be advised that we would have to seek authority under Touhy through 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
therefore will not be producing them. If you would like to discuss further, please give us a call. 
for the request to be considered locally. Please also be advised that we would have to seek authority under Touhy 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
Please let me know one way or the other if you can confirm. Thank you. 
Attached please find a follow-up letter from the Government in response to the Court’s August 21 Order. 
Pursuant to the Court's August 21 order, attached please find the Government's letter. 
Attached please find a memo endorsement from Judge Karas. 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
| hope all is well. Can you please bring this letter to the attention of the judge? Note that | copied the lawyer for the MCC 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
Attached please find the Government’s submission in opposition to the defendant’s renewed bail application in 
inaccurate in any way, please let us know. Thanks again for your help. 
appreciated. | also have a few follow up questions. Would you have time for a call sometime Friday, please? Thanks 
call this is like the kind of colloquy necessary for a guilty plea, | am reminded that consent to extradited is 
irrevocable and not appealable — no so with a plea. 
For more information please visit http://www.symanteccloud.com 
If you are not an intended recipient, pleas 
Bates numbers. Attached please find copies of those documents with corrected Bates numbers, as well as an 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not 
Please be advised that this e-mail is not an official transaction confirmation. The official confirmation of this transaction will be sent to you via 
Please note 
Epstein to plead guilty to two state counts and avoid federal charges for an allegedly broad pattern of similar conduct. 
Epstein has pleaded not guilty to the latest charges and his defense attorneys have argued in court that the new 
The financier has pleaded not guilty to sex-trafficking charges stemming from what prosecutors allege was a yearslong 
Federal records show that the current occupants include Cesar Sayoc, who pleaded guilty to sending bombs to prominent 
Manhattan bike path. Mr. Saipov has pleaded not guilty. 
Tartaglione was arrested in 2016 for killing four people in Chester, N.Y. He has pleaded not guilty. 
Epstein, who has pleaded not guilty, roamed the halls of power before dozens of underage girls accused him of sexual 
District of Florida shelved the charges and allowed Epstein to plead guilty to minor charges in state court. That’s how 
Epstein has pleaded not guilty. 
Beach, Florida. After pleading guilty to state prostitution charges in that case, Epstein is now facing new charges accusing 
Dear Counsel: Would you please let me know if you have any objection to my filing with the Court a copy of the attached 
Please find attached the Government's opposition to Oath Inc.’s motion to intervene for the limited purpose of obtaining 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Please advise us whether the government will comply with the above requests so that Mr. 
victims, including but not limited to pleadings, motions, and discovery 
24, 2007 (and any addenda related thereto) (the “NPA”); (2) plea 
in his plea of guilty on June 30, 2008 (the “Guilty Plea”), 
other governmental entity into matters related to the NPA, Guilty Plea, or 
4 See Nicholas Fandos, Democrats Demand Briefing and Documents on Epstein Plea Deal, N.Y. Times 
counsel). In addition, please specify, as to each such witness, the first date on 
material, as described above. Please advise us promptly whether the government 
of the information. Please advise us promptly whether the government will be 
but not limited to use of a privilege (or “taint’) team to review the documents. We are pleased to 
Please advise us whether the government will provide the requested information so that 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please go ahead with this. Time sensitive. 
Please let me know if you have any questions 
PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. J 
Jeffrey Epstein, please contact the FBI at 1-800-CALL FBI, and 
Do not reply to this message. If you have questions, please use the contacts in the 
ae out again right before this arrest. (I don’t hav email on this system, so please forward 
you please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early 
prefer to just get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
wanted to see what the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m 
could to convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GR, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [, please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Attached please find the Government's letter relating to redactions filed on ECF this evening, as well as the Government's 
Gloria, we do need to use a conference line after all — if you could please dial in at: 
Please call my cell at J. (if we end up needing a conference line I'll send that before 3:00 EST as well.) 
That works. Please advise as to which number | should call. 
That would be great, thanks. Would 3:00 work for you? Or please let us know if ij J more convenient time, we can 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
That works. Please advise as to which number I should call. 
That would be great, thanks. Would 3:00 work for you? Or please let us know if there’s a more convenient time, we 
RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY 
RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
message in error, or are not the intended recipient, please notify us immediately and destroy this 
Please let us know if you have any questions. Take care and stay healthy. 
Please call my cell at J. (if we end up needing a conference line I'll send that before 3:00 EST as well.) 
That works. Please advise as to which number | should call. 
That would be great, thanks. Would 3:00 work for you? Or please let us know if there’s a more convenient time, we can 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
| spoke with Bottom line, she thinks it’s a close call between making [J take a felony plea and declining to 
prosecute, but she ultimately comes down in favor of a felony plea. She does not think we should charge [J with sex 
call between declining to prosecute [J and requiring [J to enter a felony plea. Ultimately, though, the 
Coordinators support a felony plea disposition along the lines set forth in J submission given the unique 
with J obstructive conduct, warrant a felony plea. The Coordinators support such a disposition, in part, because a 
plea will allow victims to gain a sense of closure and to have their voices heard at sentencing if they choose. Given the 
Please confirm IMMEDIATELY the status of these items on your end. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
error, please contact the sender Isabel Maxwell at T and delete the material from all 
Please confirm IMMEDIATELY the status of these items on your end. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender 
Attached please find an Order issued by Judge Nathan, which will be docketed tomorrow morning. 
Please confirm receipt. 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Rule 16(b)(1)(C) Disclosures. 
Epstein pleaded guilty to having sexual contact with post-pubescent minors, makes the 
antisocial personality disorder is likely to lie to achieve power and pleasure, a false allegation of 
lf there are particular files that Maxwell is having difficulty opening, please let us know, and we can try to figure out how to 
Please let us know when it arrives. 
That’s extremely helpful, thanks so much. We'll plan to put the drive in the mail tomorrow, and of course please let us 
you please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it’s our understanding that hard drives with 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Thanks very much — if you could please give the DVDs to i (cc’d here) for case file storage, that would be 
The vendor has finished the document unitization and coding of the data from the 56 DVD files. Please let me know when 
you are in your office and | will return the DVD’s to you, and also please let me know if you wish to review the vendor’s 
*** This email was sent via my iPhone using the dictation app... Please understand there may be some typographical 
If you have received this communication in error, please notify sender immediately by re-sending 
If you aware of any victims who would like to make a statement to local law enforcement please advise. Feel free to 
upon proposed redactions to the defense letters dated August 24, 2020. Attached for the Court’s consideration please 
Attached for Judge Freeman’s consideration please find a letter from the Government in support of a stay in the above- 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
We received this new appeal in a case of yours. Could you please file a notice of appearance as additional 
Please let me know if you are able to locate the transcript. 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
in. If you have any questions, please contact our office at 
Please be advised that in response to your request copies of the state’s entire (un- 
you. Please be sure to check your spam folder if you do not receive it as the 
If you_have further questions, please feel free to contact me by e-mail at 
Please make the necessary arrangements for me to gain access to USAfx. 
Will, when | get the email with the info about how to download the file, I'll forward it to you. Would you please download 
you have any questions, please contact our office — =a 
Attached for Judge Nathan’s consideration please find a letter pursuant to Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 16(d)(1), 
and (2) accompanied by an executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. Please 
Please provide any and all credit reports, fraud alerts, and related documents pertaining to the 
Please utilize the identifiers below: 
PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT IF POSSIBLE. 
Please contact Forensic Accountan iimm.. Special Agen 
Will, could you please create a folder for this doc in the share for subpoena returns, and update our spreadsheet tracker? 
Attached please find Amazon's response to the above-referenced request. For privacy and other legal reasons, we have 
communication in error, please delete this message and do not print, share, or otherwise use this message or its contents in any way. Please also indicate by reply email 
received from Amex previously, I don't see it. Please let us know? Thanks very much. 
As discussed, could you please put the attached subpoena in the mail this morning? Let me know if any questions or 
Thank you very much. Attached please find a revised affidavit correcting the error that Judge Gorenstein identified. 
Judge Gorenstein has reviewed the warrant materials. Please call him at J with your agent on the 
line at 9:10 a.m. If there is no answer, please leave a callback number by voicemail or text and the Judge will 
respond to you shortly thereafter. If you need a different call-in time, please let us know. Additionally, Judge 
Attached for Judge Gorenstein’s review please find an application for a search warrant, as well as a proposed warrant. 
Attached for Judge Parker’s review please find an application for two warrants for cellphone location information. The 
Apologies—| just realized that the warrant | send you had the wrong year on the date. Attached please find a corrected 
version with the correct date. Would it be possible for Judge Smith to please sign this version? | will delete all copies of 
Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions. 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Iam currently traveling for work. Although I have some access to emails, my responses may be delayed. For urgent matters, please contact the 
available if there’s anything you want to discuss before tomorrow’s conference. | have a 10am plea in White Plains 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
available if there’s anything you want to discuss before tomorrow's conference. | have a 10am plea in White Plains 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us know, we're happy to be 
As we start thinking about scheduling a next meeting with J we were wondering if you could please let 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell. Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are here, and 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any reason: 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in touch. 
convenience as | am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments. 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments. 
I have asked the appropriate staff to preserve the requested video footage. Please be advised MCC staff do not have body 
is preserved. If it is your understanding that the incident occurred at a different time, please let me know and preserve the 
We will be officially requesting this material through the appropriate means, but please consider this email a formal 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments. 
ongoing investigation, please feel free to give us a call if/when that happens. 
telephone rather than rely on regular mail or facsimile transmission to provide such notice. Please 
Please do not hesitate to contact us at or I if you 
GE — would one of you be able to please send me a spreadsheet for the electronic devices seized from the New 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline —- 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Okay thanks, just wanted to make sure given that column. If you could please confirm with him as he starts to send us 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
MB. could you please take on this project of making sure the victim info in the database is accurate for the letter that will 
| hope each of you had a good weekend. Please find language below that has been approved by FBI NY, VSD 
Specialist, or if you have any questions regarding your rights to victim services and referrals, please email 
please? 
Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be 
Attached for Judge Nathan’s review please find a letter from MDC legal counsel regarding the above-referenced case. 
Can you please confirm that the below search is the correct data to secure: 
Can you also please confirm that the Potentially Non-Responsive data will be placed in two subfolders under the following 
access to any non-responsive materials in that database. Would it be possible to please lock off access to the 397,365 
Please find attached a zip folder containing the Part 1 of the exhibits pertaining to Maxwell's renewed bail application. | 
containing Part 2 of the exhibits is forthcoming momentarily. Thank you very much, and please let me know if you 
| hope you’re both well! Please find attached a zip folder containing the exhibits pertaining to Maxwell's renewed bail 
application. Thank you, and please let me know if you have any questions or encounter any issues. 
The process of redacting/sealing this stuff has been overcomplicated, so if you'd like to cite to any of this please check 
Can you please send us the brief you filed regarding admissibility of mental health evidence / Sasso — JJ says your team 
Attached please find two Orders issued by Judge Nathan, which will be docketed shortly. 
Please confirm receipt. 
Cover letters for both and 3500 indices (excel version) are attached. Please let me know as soon as you can if there are 
Attached please find two Orders issued by Judge Nathan, which will be docketed shortly. 
Please confirm receipt. 
Hi - can | please clarify if I'm allowed to identify a; name as she has previously waived her right to 
being provided in advance of the trial to ensure efficient communications. Please take careful note. 
Please also note that all case filings in U.S. v. Maxwell are available in the Court’s electronic filing system; we encourage 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE AT (212) 637-2600. 
“Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not 
Thank you for raising the issue, and please let us know if there is anything else you would like to discuss in advance of 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Otherwise, welcome all comments, and please make sure the section on MV-1’s family is accurate! 
as possible, but please be patient and understand that these conferences are 
members of your own family, and your friends. In this regard, please understand 
make small talk, please do not take offense. They are not being rude — they are 
Please see attached letter regarding Mr. Ij anticipated testimony. 
Attached please find a letter motion to preclude cross-examination. The Government respectfully submits this filing 
re. open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
Please email Media_Inquiries@nysd.uscourts.gov, or call (212) 805-0513. 
please see https://www.nysd.uscourts.gov/covid-19-coronavirus. 
Please include $40 non-refundable Application Fee. Admission 1s not completed until the applicant has been accepted 
completed (section J, if applicable). Please print or type. 
[ ]¥es §{]No Please give reasons and approximate dates. ee ee 
Has the candidate had special tutoring? [ ] Yes Ky No Please indicate the subject(s), the grade(s), when the 
SECTION J. If the student is “Professional” or “Pre-Professional,” please fill out this section. 
Please find attached several classified advertisements from 1997 and Ghislaine Maxwell 1996 traffic citation with 
Holidays. Please Cali Ms. Maxwel 
Can you please confirm that the below search is the correct data to secure: 
Can you also please confirm that the Potentially Non-Responsive data will be placed in two subfolders under the following 
access to any non-responsive materials in that database. Would it be possible to please lock off access to the 397,365 
12. I believe that Ghislaine had nothing to do with Epstein’s crimes. She has pleaded not 
Please review and verify av 
Your Account plea 
For mare information, please 
Please note the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 
Please review the infarmation 
For more information, please 
Please note: the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 3 
Please review the infarmation 
For more information, please 
Please note: the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 2 
Please review the information 
for more information, please 
Please note the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 2 
Please review the information 
for more information, please 
Please note the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 2 
Please review the information 
for more information, please 
Please note the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 2 
Please review the information 
for more information, please 
Please note the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 2 
Please review the information 
for more information, please 
Please note the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 2 
Please review the information 
For mare information, please 
Please note the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 2 
Please review the information 
For mare information, please 
Please note the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 2 
signatures are required, please return the signed signature page in the enclosed envelope. 
give us after you open a new Account. Please review the Client Information and Account 
Please note: this Client Relationship Agreement applies to all of your accounts at UBS, 
may not apply to you now. Please retain these documents for future reference because 
if a Signature Page is included, please 
Please review and verify the 
Please refer to the Fees and Charges 
if you have questions, please contact 
Please note: UBS does not extend 
use a UBS prototype, please ask for a 
Please refer to the UBS Bank Sweep Programs Disclosure Statement for a description of the 
determine the extent of FDIC deposit insurance coverage available to you. Please 
Please refer to the UBS Bank Sweep 
For additional information regarding program availability and Account eligibility, please 
Please refer to the section 
more information regarding Arbitration please consult the UBS Credit Card Agreement. 
Please note: The International RMA and certain of its cash management features and other 
obligations with respect to the Account. Please refer to the “Joint Accounts" section of the 
described here. For additional terms, please refer to the section “Liquidation of Collateral 
please contact your Financial Advisor. 
Please note: UBS does not extend 
or otherwise pledging your securities in order to obtain credit. Please review the 
Please refer to the UBS Statement of 
At UBS, we are committed to safequarding your personal information. Please refer to the 
instructions, please call your Financial Advisor. 
bundled by household, please contact your Financial Advisor and ask to receive individual 
Please see the UBS Client Privacy 
Please refer to the Client Privacy 
to be bundled by household, please 
please refer to the Electronic Delivery 
designate an alternative mailing address for the account, please contact your Financial 
Services or any other secure method. Please note: These confirmations are sent 
Please see the section Householding 
name. Please refer to the section titled “Introduced Accounts” in the General Terns and 
Attached please find an Order issued by the Court. The Court will discuss with the parties tomorrow if there is 
Please confirm receipt. 
Following up on our previous memo relating to the Maxwell investigation, and our subsequent discussions, please see the 
Wy, |t was a pleasure working with you, J and the team for the last several months. 
Chiefs and Project Safe Childhood Coordinator, please remind the assigned AUSA to make updates in their 
Attached please find the Government’s proposed redactions as reference in Dkt. No. 498. 
4 State = 2p When mailing fees, please use a check or money order made 
(C] PLEASE RES THE OWNER’S NAM 
Please acknowledge your agreement to this request and its terms by the appropriate notation in the space provided below and lodging this instrument 
Please have N405P\J assigned to the aircraft: 
Should you have any questions or need additional information, please contact 
Once deregistered, please forward a copy of the confirmation to our representative, Jetstream 
PLEASE SEND ORIGINAL TO I.A.T.S. (INSURED AIRCRAFT TITLE 
imme y. Ithonally, would you please a copy of your message to Maggie Mixon. 
PLEASE ASSIGN N___407RB WHICH HAS BEEN uae FOR: 
PLEASE SEND CONFIRMATION (8050-64) TO US IN PD ROOM FOR MAILING. 
Please assign a number to the above-described aircraft. 
Please let us know if you consent to us publicly filing the letter referenced in the Court’s email below this evening 
Attached please find the parties’ joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Per the attached letter, the parties 
Please inform me when it arrives. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please contact me with any questions. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
family members). Please provide this information via email no later than Friday, October 15 at 10:30 
be a separate dial-in line for party participants to ensure access. Please provide the telephone 
please specify the name and number of those who plan to speak during the conference so that they 
Please provide the conference-specific information via email as soon as possible but no later 
Would you please review the draft and let us know if there are any inaccuracies in it? | highlighted one sentence in 
particular for your attention, but please review the entire letter closely. As we mentioned earlier, our letter is due today 
very pleased with the thoughtful reception, and {J reiterated that to me tonight. Well handled on your part. 
understanding that the incident occurred at a different time, please let me know 
through the appropriate means, but please consider this email a formal 
requested video footage. Please be advised MCC staff do not have body cameras.” 
The financier has pleaded not guilty to sex-trafficking charges stemming from what prosecutors allege was a 
Federal records show that the current occupants include Cesar Sayoc, who pleaded guilty to sending bombs to 
a truck on to a Manhattan bike path. Mr. Saipov has pleaded not guilty. 
bunkmates. Mr. Tartaglione was arrested in 2016 for killing four people in Chester, N.Y. He has pleaded not 
Thanks you so much for catching that, letting us know, and fixing it so quickly, HI. Really appreciate that. Please just 
about by last Thursday). Could you please let us know that status, including the volume of responsive materials possessed 
by this Friday, please let us know why that is. 
Please notily the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-maal transmussion. Lf venficabon is required please request a hard-copy version 
Understood, thank you. Can you please let us know when you expect to have a response on prior wills in particular? 
Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. 
Attached please find the following documents submitted to the Court and all counsel under seal pursuant to the Court’s 
please find copies of the accompanying cover letters. 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
passing along anything we receive into our office, please see the attached. And mailing over the hard copies. 
Enclosed, please find a photograph I believe may be of Jeffrey Epstein with an underage female. 
Please see the below email from [. Could somebody above the line level connect with [J to discuss? We 
Please see below a list of his other investment opportunities in the US, Croatia and Montenegro. 
new and high-end customer segment. Please find more information on Auberge at 
Please meet Mr. Jorge Costa e Silva, business partner of Mr. Carlos Sanchez, owner of the largest pharmaceutical company in Brazil , 
communication has been received in error, please delete or destroy it immediately. Please go to 
addressee) you may not copy or use it, or disclose it to anyone else. If you received it in error please notify the sender 
Please ignore this version, | will be circulating a revised version with some additional content tomorrow morning. 
Please let me know if you have any questions, or if you’d like me to walk you through how to use the document, in case it 
Please let me know if you have any questions, or if you’d like me to walk you through how to use the document, in case it 
Please add it in the nght place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
Working on it right now. I please check with [J to see if we should use the same docket no as was 
Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
please let me know if you see any record of him flying to/from London between March 1994 and March 1995? 
One more subpoena to serve relating to Maxwell travel, please. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Attached please find a fact witness travel request for a witness who is needed for grand jury prep on February 7" in the 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
from USAO-SDNY. Could you please provide me with your district’s response? 
(see email attached), this has been assigned to USAO-SDNY for handling. Please let me know if you have any questions or 
Assuming you are ok with these conditions, please let us know what time you'd like to pick it up. I'll be around all 
(or authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender by reply e-mail or telephone, and delete all 
will be protected to the full extent of the law. Please be advised, however, that Panish Shea & Boyle LLP and its 
Assuming you are ok with these conditions, please let us know what time you'd like to pick it up. I'll be 
available if there’s anything you want to discuss before tomorrow’s conference. | have a 10am plea in White Plains 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original message and any copies. 
relevant to the penalty phase. We would like to examine the “rope” and be permitted to take measurements of it. Please 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
Please the below, please preserve the video footage of the SHU tier containing cell Z06-215 from 11 pm July 22, 2019, until 4 
am July 23, 2019. Please provide a copy for the investigation and maintain a copy in the event we are ordered to produce it 
to the Court and counsel. Please advise when this has been done. Thank you. 
is preserved. If it is your understanding that the incident occurred at a different time, please let me know and preserve the 
We will be officially requesting this material through the appropriate means, but please consider this email a formal 
distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please 
Ah, possibly it’s the “2020-01-23” folder under Subpoena Returns? If so, J can we please (1) move that to under the 
complete, but hopefully we're getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we'd be 
with the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by JJ (copied 
here)? I’ve left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
complete, but hopefully we’re getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be grateful 
the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by [J (copied here)? I’ve 
left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once the materials 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
Hi §-- when you can, could you please save these in the Epstein witness folder with [Jj file naming 
case. Could you please let us know what we expect the ETA will be for that latest round of breaking out files (as 
round of materials — most importantly, for any phone bills or invoices, in the index they create, please have them list the 
Please let us know if any other questions or issues, let me know if I’m forgetting anything, and thanks as always. 
flash drive and figured you would like to review the data before it is loaded to Relativity. Please let me know if you are in 
In connection with this trip, could you please assist with booking the following travel? Thanks! 
e If you could please make all flights refundable, that would be great — it’s possible we'll need to rebook parts of 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please reply all. 
move forward on the most recent addition that would be great. If you could please take a look at the hard drive and let us 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Motions in Limine and supporting documents. 
Attached please find a draft joint proposed request to charge. Since this is due to the Court on Wednesday, October 27, 
please send us your comments by Sunday, October 24. Please also send us your comments, including any additional 
victim website with this info, please? Some proposed language below. 
November 29 please? 
Apologies —! am sure you have had several of these requests. Please let me know if there is a better person to contact. 
email or any attachments. If you have received it in error, please contact the sender immediately. Any opinion 
Please confirm that arrangements are in place for Ms. Maxwell's participation. 
Please contact me with any questions. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
victim website with this info, please? Some proposed language below. 
please let us know? 
is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return email. 
GE — Can we please jump on a call this afternoon to discuss? As you can see, we have only until Monday to 
Attached please find a memo endorsement from Judge Karas. 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
| hope all is well. Can you please bring this letter to the attention of the judge? Note that | copied the lawyer for the 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
not get anything more, but let us know if we do that you want to see it. I, please 
Jeffery Epstein while he was incarcerated in the same cell as Mr. Tartaglione. Please let us know some dates and times for 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
Are you available for a call at 4:45 pm today? Please let us know. 
Could you please confirm, and we'll finalize it on the various calendars? 
We will be able to make the changes needed to do the meeting on the dates referenced below. Please let us 
Please let us know what days and time ranges would be even conceivably possible next week, and also if your 
We can also do any time after 9 am, if that is better for you. Please let us know. Thanks. 
so please let us know if you'd like to start the discussion earlier if you expect it might be useful to have 
opportunity. If you could please let us know what dates and times you are available in the ranges of January 
scheduling, but we had anticipated trying to see if we could schedule a call in the coming days. Please let us 
please delete it without reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended to waive any applicable 
privilege. Please do not disseminate this message without the permission of the author. Any tax advice 
Are you available for a call at 4:45 pm today? Please let us know. 
Could you please confirm, and we'll finalize it on the various calendars? 
We will be able to make the changes needed to do the meeting on the dates referenced below. Please let us know 
Please let us know what days and time ranges would be even conceivably possible next week, and also if your 
We can also do any time after 9 am, if that is better for you. Please let us know. Thanks. 
impossible to talk before Tuesday, we have 2:30 in our calendar for then, but with a hard stop at 3:30 so please 
opportunity. If you could please let us know what dates and times you are available in the ranges of January 15- 
scheduling, but we had anticipated trying to see if we could schedule a call in the coming days. Please let us 
please delete it without reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended to waive any applicable privilege. 
Please do not disseminate this message without the permission of the author. Any tax advice contained in this 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, {§. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline - 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Please also serve the attached subpoena to Expedia, relating to Maxwell travel. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
witness interview, and we intend to abide by that practice in this case. Beyond that, we can make no commitments. Please 
Please confirm that any further communications in connection with the requested voluntary interview will be 
Please provide us with an accurate record of the statements made by The US Attorney and/or the DOJ/FBI 
the Duke to proceed with any voluntary co-operation. Please confirm that the DOJ will not be making any further public 
We write to follow up on our phone conversation of a week ago. Could you please advise regarding status, in 
with us? And of course please let us know if any additional information would be useful to you. 
Please forward dial in details. 
Please confirm whether you would be available for a preliminary telephone call on Friday 10th January 2020. 
| would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. 
York. Could you please advise whether that is correct? We — my colleagues I, EE anc | 
— can be reached anytime at these email addresses, or please let us know if you would prefer to set up a time 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Could we please borrow a 1TB hard drive just for the purpose of transferring the data from them to us? We can get it 
More immediately, please let us know how big of a hard drive you need for later this week. 
FBI has even started on the island materials, for example — so wanted to check on timing. Could you please let us know 
Could we please borrow a 1TB hard drive just for the purpose of transferring the data from them to us? We can get it 
More immediately, please let us know how big of a hard drive you need for later this week. 
FBI has even started on the island materials, for example — so wanted to check on timing. Could you please let us know 
Thanks for letting us know, and we have no concerns or questions about that. Please let us know if anything 
accounts. Please let us know if you would like to discuss this. 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Please see the attached Motion to Stay filed with the Second Circuit by Maxwell’s counsel today. | will be responding to 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF] 
Ms. Maxwell contends that these pleadings all concern Plaintiff's attempt to compel Ms. 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Based on your request for discovery in this case, enclosed please find copies of the 
evidence referenced in these materials, including items listed on search inventories, please let us 
' In addition to information provided herein, please note that this Office periodically posts content 
available for defendants who plead prior to the Government’s initiation of trial preparations 
pursuant to U.S.S.G. § 3E1.1(b), in the event your client has not entered a plea of guilty six weeks 
Finally, please be advised that pursuant to the policy of the Office concerning plea offers, 
no plea offer is effective unless and until made in writing and signed by authorized representatives 
constitute a “formal offer” or a “plea offer,” as those terms are used in Lafler v. Cooper, 132 S.Ct. 
Please let me know if you have a few minutes to speak with myself and SSA i regarding the Epstein case. 
Please let me know so we can schedule. 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Please let me know. 
Please let me know what information you need from me to arrange flights/hotel stay for | 
information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original. Any 
Please see the attached correspondence from Chief Deputy Attorney General Clara Moran. 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
Please provide any and all records (i 
PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC 
subpoena, though obviously we ordinarily are understanding of some additional time being necessary). Please let us 
information request, please cont. i i!) i (i ) , 2nd /or 
Per our practice of passing along potential witness information to the FBI, please see the below email. 
Apologies for piling on, but if you could please also make slides that have the following excerpts of the attached 
excerpt from flight records. The records are attached — could you please make slides excerpting the records (and flagging 
| hope each of you had a good weekend. Please find language below that has been approved by FBI NY, VSD 
Specialist, or if you have any questions regarding your rights to victim services and referrals, please email 
Thank you very much. Attached please find a revised affidavit correcting the error that Judge Gorenstein identified. 
Judge Gorenstein has reviewed the warrant materials. Please call him at J with your agent on the 
line at 9:10 a.m. If there is no answer, please leave a callback number by voicemail or text and the Judge will 
respond to you shortly thereafter. If you need a different call-in time, please let us know. Additionally, Judge 
Attached for Judge Gorenstein’s review please find an application for a search warrant, as well as a proposed warrant. 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
PCU — Please join me in congratulating i on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. J 
Thanks, i J could you please check your records and let us know if there are any other cases? From list, it 
best point of contact to help us figure this out. Could you please send us the following information: 
That would be a big help. Please let us know if you need any information from us to run the search. 
the Duke to proceed with any voluntary co-operation. Please confirm that the DOJ will not be making any further public 
We write to follow up on our phone conversation of a week ago. Could you please advise regarding status, in 
with us? And of course please let us know if any additional information would be useful to you. 
Please forward dial in details. 
Please confirm whether you would be available for a preliminary telephone call on Friday LOth January 2020. 
| would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. 
York. Could you please advise whether that is correct? We — my colleagues A EE anc | - 
can be reached anytime at these email addresses, or please let us know if you would prefer to set up a time to 
Please let me know if you have any questions or see any need for any follow up. 
from USAO-SDNY. Could you please provide me with your district’s response? 
(see email attached), this has been assigned to USAO-SDNY for handling. Please let me know if you have any questions or 
Please let me know. 
Please let me know what information you need from me to arrange flights/hotel stay for Ms. 
private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the 
and we will not speak to any of the guards present given the ongoing investigations. Please give me a call with any 
number 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). Please let them know how they can arrange for a pretrial interview with their client in advance 
If you need any additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
Can this call please take place via BlueJeans? It is a video conferencing application that we are using and | will send 
Could | just confirm the attendees please — . GJ and yousrselfga ? 
for a call this week? We are generally available, so if you could please let us know what times would work for you for a 
There is the possibility of a meeting on the 19'" March if you are able to come to London. Could you let me know please? 
Please let us know if you have any additional questions, and in particular whether any other information from us 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
Would one of you please download the files referenced in the below email and save them on the Epstein share? 
Please see the attached correspondence from Chief Deputy Attorney General Clara Moran. 
achieved in a court of law. Again, please contact me personally if your investigation reveals 
you please let us know the current status, and when you expect we'll be able to get access to the materials? 
Thanks for the heads up. If it's possible to get them before you come, please do. 
would escort us, and we will not speak to any of the guards present given the ongoing investigations. Please give 
Refreshing this — please let us know? Or happy to discuss if necessary. Thanks. 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Please find attached a letter from OPR Director MY regarding OPR’s draft report regarding the handling of the 
additional information would be useful, please let us know. 
Please see attached. 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF] 
Please see U.S. v. Bryan, 868 F.2d 1032 (1989) if you maintain that Mr. Thomas is not 
any thoughts on that, please let me know. 
single drive containing all productions, we can certainly accommodate that request. Please let me know if you would like 
itself, then please advise if you are able to create a new hard drive that contains the complete production (without the 
material by trial if her review is restricted in this way. Please confirm that she will be able to have the full 13 hours per 
St. Andrew's Plaza. Attached please find the accompanying discovery letter. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Would you be available tomorrow (11/25) afternoon to discuss, please? Apologies for the late request, but we are hoping 
Please see attached conferral letter. 
received this transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original transmission and its 
Would you please save the attached in] 3500 and witness folders on the Epstein share? 
into a cooperation agreement, plea agreement, immunity or non-prosecution agreement. The 
Please provide explanation for this interference and evidence of remediation 
Iam hoping you have 5 min for a call in the next few days. Nothing urgent. Please let me know what works 
follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us know, 
please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your client for a 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (I). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at [ Please call me when you are 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look 
minutes of your time at your convenience as | am getting up to speed. Please let me know 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
attached PDF. When you send this 302, please be sure to include whatever attachments you include to the 302. Thanks 
No problem. |’m not in the office today but will be back tomorrow and | can send all of my notes along. Can you please 
user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing(@nypd.org 
| know you guys are still working on the 302s from out meetings last week, but can you please send us the notes from 
Unsubscribe from this alert. If you have not personally set up this alert, please contact Customer Support to 
* This is an automated email. Please do not reply to this email address or forward this email 
This message has not been virus scanned because it contains encrypted or otherwise protected data. Please 
Please call when you get this information. 
It was nice talking with you yesterday. Thanks for your assistance with this. Please see the below email of aircraft 
Please let me know if | left something out that would be able to assist you in any way. 
Thank you again for the helpful call today. Please do send the business records certification for the 
Attached please find Amazon's response to the above-referenced request. For privacy and other legal reasons, we have redacted the titles of 
believe that you have received this communication in error, please delete this message and do not print, share, or otherwise use this 
message or its contents in any way. Please also indicate by reply email that you have received this communication in error and that you 
If you have any trouble accessing your USAFx account, please let me know and | can reset your account. 
will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
Please provide as much of this information as possible today. I’m very sorry for the quick turnaround but 
offered plea deal but declined.” 
Stephen — Attached please find a copy of the Indictment obtained this morning charging two correctional officers at MCC 
also now been filed with the court and is thus a public document. Please let us know if we can pass on anything else that 
good time Monday morning, in particular, please let us know. Thanks, Ij 
Attached please find OPR’s final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
and please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us know, 
please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your client for a 
That works for me. Please call me on my cel. Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look 
minutes of your time at your convenience as | am getting up to speed. Please let me know 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
and please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us know, 
please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your client fora 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell I). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look 
minutes of your time at your convenience as | am getting up to speed. Please let me know 
Given that we are rapidly approaching trial, I ask that you please provide these materials by 
Hope you’re both doing well. We'd like to speak with both of you about the upcoming trial in this case. Could you please 
Please let me know if you have a few minutes to speak with myself and SSA  ¢c2:6inc the Epstein case. 
Could you please take a look at these and let us know if any of these dates line up with Maxwell or Epstein’s travel? 
including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and 
Thanks so much! Can you please pull the CBP records iii We would like the CBP records for the 1990s 
only. Her date of birth is J She is French. Please let us know if you need any other information. Thanks again! 
laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the 
Could you please take a look at these and let us know if any of these dates line up with Maxwell or Epstein’s travel? 
including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and 
Thanks so much! Can you please pull the CBP records for We would like the CBP records for the 1990s 
only. Her date of birth . She is French. Please let us know if you need any other information. Thanks again! 
laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the 
evidence). Could one of you please send me a copy of or steer me in the direction of where to find the reasonable 
> Please let me know if there is anything else you can think of that you'd like me to bring or prepare. I will be 
with our materials to the site), so if there's anything else you need please let me know before 7am. 
> Please bring 3 copies of the instruction tomorrow. 
If you need any additional info (visa/passport applications, travel records, etc.) or have any questions please don’t hesitate 
including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and 
Thanks again for helping; we really appreciate it. Attached are the records. Please let us know if you have any questions. 
laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender 
Please see attached. 
If the Court prefers that I have it filed it in a different fashion, please let me know. 
any questions about the rule or the order, please let us know. 
any questions about the rule or the order, please let us know. 
Thanks very much, would 3:30 p.m. work for you? | can plan to call your office line, but please let me know if a different 
videoconference shortly. Please let us know if you have any tech issues/questions about WebEx. 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
status as we've previously conveyed, and please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
we'll follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let 
could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your client 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you 
Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
videoconference shortly. Please let us know if you have any tech issues/questions about WebEx. 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
status as we’ve previously conveyed, and please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
we'll follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let 
could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer 
check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you 
speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
defense agreement,” and so | didn’t open it. It’s control number USGME00032574, would you mind taking a look please? 
Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
Please assist. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Just to be safe, please double check when you open up the reports that they correspond to the notes below, i.e., 1B72 
should not have chats and 1B69 should not have chats and should only have 1074 emails. And as always please stop 
GE please let me know when would be a good time for me to swing by. 
Please let me know if there is anything else | can do to be of assistance. 
several of Epstein’s phones and ipads. Would you please copy of all of that data onto a second drive? 
Once the data is copied, we then need you to please mail one of the drives tof (who is cc’d and will 
reply to this email with her mailing address). Please keep the second drive in your files in the office]jill then 
Please let me know if you have any questions, and thanks so much for your help. 
Can you guys please send me our filings on bail when you can? Want to provide to Civ Div, so please let me know if 
Please let me know if you have any questions, or if you’d like me to walk you through how to use the document, in case it 
we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA Privacy 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on the 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
Okay, please call my cel: 
If that does work please let us know what number to call you on? 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
this email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
this email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
Okay, please call my cell: haa 
If that does work please let us know what number to call you on? 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
this email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on 
we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA Privacy 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on the 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster(@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
Please see attached. We have no issues with you producing this to the defense, but do you have a protective order in 
Okay, please call my | 
If that does work please let us know what number to call you on? 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
this email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on 
we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA Privacy 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on the 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster(@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster(@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster(@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
FYI - can we please make sure the case agents accompany [J and other AUSAs to/from court. 
Please feel free to reach out to me directly if that would be useful -- my cell is I. 
please call us. The number is 1-800-CALL-FBI. We want to hear from you, regardless of the age you are now, 
Attached ts the final PR for review. Please note that aa quote includes the number to call, so we need to 
Under that deal, Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty to state prostitution charges and spent about a year in a Palm 
The plea agreement granted Mr. Epstein immunity from federal prosecution and let him plead guilty to two 
prostitution charges in state court. Federal prosecutors arranged for the plea deal to be kept secret from Mr. 
In April, a federal judge ruled that prosecutors had violated the law in offering the plea agreement without 
Please note if this information is made public | strongly believe it may hamper our ability to confirm this information as 
Any questions, please contact me. 
If there are any questions please let me know. 
information herein. If you have received this message in error, please advise the sender immediately by sending a reply e- 
information herein. If you have received this message in error, please advise the sender immediately by sending a reply e- 
later next week, could you please just remind me? | don’t want it to get lost in the avalanche of current stuff. 
Please mec an ASAC at the DSS NY Field Office (and my former boss). 
considering revoking it. Can you guys please coordinate wit regarding this issue. 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown 
Please see attached. Let me know if you need anything further. 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown 
Thanks again for your assistance with this. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Please note that Rule 17(c) (attached) provides that a subpoena for the production of certain information about a victim 
Thanks If you have a minute to talk by phone, please let me know. 
strictly prohibited, If you have received this message in error please notify the sender immediately and delete any and all copies of this mess 
330 (AJN). We understand you may be represented by counsel in connection with issues like this. Could you please put us 
Please note that Rule 17(c) (attached) provides that a subpoena for the production of certain information about a victim 
sent us the media. With this one exemption, the rest of the media we downloaded to OPWAN is viewable. Please see below a list with a brief description of the items. 
I'm not sure if this is all the media contained in the file though. Hope this helps. Please let me know if you have questions or need further assistance. 
please destroy it without further retention or dissemination (unless otherwise required by law). Please notify the sender of the error by separate e-mail or by 
please destroy it without further retention or dissemination (unless otherwise required by law). Please notify the sender of the error by separate e-mail or by 
Another person on our team, J who's copied, is jumping in to coordinate on this, so if it’s easier to chat via phone her number is A and please 
phone at (RE (office) or MY (cell). Please don’t hesitate to reach out anytime day or night if we can provide any useful info, or if you have any 
NBC: https://www.cnbc.com/2020/10/28/lev-parnas-partner-david-correia-set-to-plead-guilty. html 
ABC: https://abcnews, go.com/Politics/wireStory/change-plea-scheduled-rudy-giullani-related-case-73879218 
delivery. The password letter is attached. Would you please keep an eye out for it? 
Please save your own version of this spreadsheet, fill out your notes and objections for your assigned set, and email it to 
Attached please find a joint letter regarding prospective juror questionnaires. 
Please see the attached. 
Good morning all. As always, please don’t forget to get me your updates for next week sometime today. 
enforcement sensitive, and legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please 
destroy it without further retention or dissemination (unless otherwise required by law). Please notify the 
phone her number §j EM, and please let us know if anything would be helpful on our end. 
info — I’m reachable at this email address or by phone at I (office) or I (cell). Please don’t 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
pleaded guilty to state charges of soliciting a minor 
his 2008 guilty plea in Florida) listed no fewer than 
years, and laid out the lenient plea agreement he 
Please let us know if you would be interested in working with an NYU Law School intern in the Fall semester (September 
3-December 3). Please also let us know if you (1) have any trials or hearings scheduled during that time, or (2) asked for, 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Please nec i an ASAC at the DSS NY Field Office (and my former boss). 
considering revoking it. Can you guys please coordinate withlregarding this issue. 
Lawyers for Mr. Epstein, who has pleaded not guilty to the sex-trafficking charges, did not respond to requests 
Epstein in 2008 pleaded guilty to charges of soliciting prostitution from a minor. 
lenient plea deal to begin with — say they fully support that position. 
settlements they obtained from Epstein, and his 2008 guilty plea to two state prostitution charges. That plea 
He’s pleaded not guilty to accusations he sexually abused dozens of underage girls — some as young as 14 — in 
The disgraced financier, who was arrested on 6 July, pleaded not guilty several weeks ago. 
Epstein and the Miami US attorney’s office, headed at the time by Alexander Acosta, brokered a plea deal in 
Under this arrangement, Epstein pleaded guilty to state charges, which presented far less potential jail time than 
He has pleaded not guilty to sex trafficking charges that carry the potential for up to 45 years in prison. 
The non-prosecution deal was reached before he pleaded guilty in state court in Florida to prostitution-related 
investigation of a much-reviled secret plea deal in 2007-2008 that spared Epstein a sweeping federal indictment 
Rather than face federal charges that could have put him away for life, Epstein pleaded guilty in state court to 
abuse case. Acosta was a U.S. Attorney who approved the Epstein plea deal in 2008. By CSPAN 
other sex acts, and of paying some girls to recruit others. Epstein has pleaded not guilty. 
They followed Epstein’s 2008 guilty plea to state prostitution charges in Florida, in exchange for the Justice 
a trip to Paris. He has pleaded not guilty and said he has fully complied with the law for more than 14 years. 
Epstein is accused of molesting teenage girls from 2002 to 2005. He pleaded guilty in 2008 to Florida state 
Collins has pleaded not guilty to the charges. His trial is scheduled for February. But regardless of what a judge 
Drug Dealer Forfeits Over $4M in Bitcoin as Part of a Guilty Plea 
York, the very active Bitcoin drug dealer Richard Castro has pleaded guilty of committing illicit activities such 
Lawyers for Mr. Epstein, who has pleaded not guilty to the sex-trafficking charges, did not respond to requests 
Epstein in 2008 pleaded guilty to charges of soliciting prostitution from a minor. 
lenient plea deal to begin with — say they fully support that position. 
settlements they obtained from Epstein, and his 2008 guilty plea to two state prostitution charges. That plea 
He’s pleaded not guilty to accusations he sexually abused dozens of underage girls — some as young as 14 — 
The disgraced financier, who was arrested on 6 July, pleaded not guilty several weeks ago. 
Epstein and the Miami US attorney’s office, headed at the time by Alexander Acosta, brokered a plea deal in 
Under this arrangement, Epstein pleaded guilty to state charges, which presented far less potential jail time than 
He has pleaded not guilty to sex trafficking charges that carry the potential for up to 45 years in prison. 
The non-prosecution deal was reached before he pleaded guilty in state court in Florida to prostitution-related 
investigation of a much-reviled secret plea deal in 2007-2008 that spared Epstein a sweeping federal indictment 
Rather than face federal charges that could have put him away for life, Epstein pleaded guilty in state court to 
abuse case. Acosta was a U.S. Attorney who approved the Epstein plea deal in 2008. By CSPAN 
other sex acts, and of paying some girls to recruit others. Epstein has pleaded not guilty. 
They followed Epstein’s 2008 guilty plea to state prostitution charges in Florida, in exchange for the Justice 
from a trip to Paris. He has pleaded not guilty and said he has fully complied with the law for more than 14 
Epstein is accused of molesting teenage girls from 2002 to 2005. He pleaded guilty in 2008 to Florida state 
Collins has pleaded not guilty to the charges. His trial is scheduled for February. But regardless of what a judge 
Drug Dealer Forfeits Over $4M in Bitcoin as Part of a Guilty Plea 
York, the very active Bitcoin drug dealer Richard Castro has pleaded guilty of committing illicit activities such 
lf you have received this communication in error, please r or reply e-mail and permanently delete it and 
lf you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and permanently delete it and 
are in plea negotiations with counsel for EEE another Epstein co-conspirator. 
sexual abuse, may plead to an obstruction of justice-related count. 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Multifunction Printer. 
Balderas did issue a statement saying he was pleased Garcia Richard was “taking back lands that should be 
she needs Judge Karas to modify the order to allow her to receive the documents, so please don’t send them to 
Please confirm that arrangements are in place for Ms. Maxwell's participation. 
Please contact me with any questions. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please confirm that arrangements are in place for Ms. Maxwell’s 
Please contact me with any questions. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Please find attached a letter from OPR Director i regarding OPR’s draft report regarding the handling of the 
Please find attached a letter from OPR Director i regarding OPR’s draft report regarding the handling of the 
providing the Notice to Doe | at the new address for any future pleadings that implicate his or 
pleadings at issue, for the Court’s consideration and for the Objecting Original Party or Non- 
and instead take the following five decided motions and their related pleadings. This list 
pleadings filed by the Government, transcripts of ex parte hearings regarding those 
pleadings, and ex parte rulings on the pleadings. As least one set of individuals 
pleadings that the Second Circuit has characterized as judicial documents with a 
Please let me know your position on the matter and, if you would like to discuss the 
devices. The other three devices are contained in the draft warrant | sent on Friday. Would you please confirm that all of 
Please feel free to give me a call if you would like to discuss. 
enforcement sensitive, and legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please 
destroy it without further retention or dissemination (unless otherwise required by law). Please notify the 
phone her number is and please let us know if anything would be helpful on our end. 
info — I’m reachable at this email address or by phone at «Please don’t 
Attached for Judge Wang’s consideration please find an application for the issuance of a search warrant, the four exhibits 
Apologies, attached please find the flattened pdfs. | also realized that the versions | submitted this morning included 
Please flatten your PDFs and resend for the Judge to review. 
Attached for Judge Wang's consideration please find an application for the issuance of a search warrant, the four exhibits 
a stand-alone letter, if you prefer)? Please let us know if you'd prefer that we take a different approach, and of course Jj 
Please note that the Government is designating this letter as Confidential pursuant to the 
Based on your request for discovery in this case, enclosed please find copies of the 
' In addition to information provided herein, please note that this Office periodically posts content 
? Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
‘Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
> Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
items listed on search inventories, please let us know, and we will make arrangements for you to 
2007. Please note that all three of these victims are currently represented by counsel. 
available for defendants who plead prior to the Government’s initiation of trial preparations 
pursuant to U.S.S.G. § 3E1.1(b), in the event your client has not entered a plea of guilty six weeks 
Finally, please be advised that pursuant to the policy of this Office concerning plea offers, 
no plea offer is effective unless and until made in writing and signed by authorized representatives 
constitute a “formal offer” or a “plea offer,” as those terms are used in Lafler v. Cooper, 132 S. Ct. 
Please let me know what works for you and if you'd like a CV and fee schedule in the interim. 
Please let me know what works for you and if you'd like a CV and fee schedule in the interim. 
sent us the media. With this one exemption, the rest of the media we downloaded to OPWAN is viewable. Please see below a list with a brief description of the items. 
I'm not sure if this is all the media contained in the file though. Hope this helps. Please let me know if you have questions or need further assistance. 
please destroy it without further retention or dissemination (unless otherwise required by law). Please notify the sender of the error by separate e-mail or by 
message, please destroy it without further retention or dissemination (unless otherwise required by law). Please notify the sender of the error by separate e- 
Another person on our team, (. who's copied, is jumping in to coordinate on this, so if it’s easier to chat via phone her number is ES and please 
phone at ( (office) or SM (cell). Please don’t hesitate to reach out anytime day or night if we can provide any useful info, or if you have any 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss this further. 
Please see attached Affidavit and Attachment A. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Thanks, [oa i could you please check your records and let us know if there are any other cases? From: list, it 
best point of contact to help us figure this out. Could you please send us the following information: 
That would be a big help. Please let us know if you need any information from us to run the search. 
At the request of Jeffrey S. Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Letter Motion, Affidavit, and accompanying 
Second Circuit. They consist of ex parte pleadings filed by the government, ex parte transcripts, and ex 
pleadings and exhibits, which include Ms. Maxwell’s July 2016 deposition, also sealed and a 
pleadings, hearings, and rulings are already known to the BSF lawyers. These materials, absent 
I am hoping you have 5 min for a call in the next few days. Nothing urgent. Please let me know 
we'll follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please 
could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (MM). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you 
Since we will be — please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer 
today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know 
am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
withfiplease take a look at the redactions in her section. | tried to conform them to the general principal that 
Attached please find the cite-checked omnibus memorandum of law in opposition to Maxwell's motions. The team will be 
Here is the electronic copy. Please confirm receipt. 
recommendations on the proper approach. Let me know if you have any questions or concerns. Please send me an email 
The production has been shared with them on USAfx and the disc is ready to get sent out to MDC. Can you please confirm 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you today. Attached please find the accompanying cover 
Our proposed joint voir dire and jury questionnaire are due on October 11. Please find attached our draft proposals. If 
you have disagreements/proposed changes, please note them in track changes. Please send these back to us by COB 
application can be completed in our office by one of your representatives. As an alternative, please complete 
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. 
questions regarding compliance. Could you please let me know your availability for a call? 
statement contained in the probation investigation report (pre-sentence, pre-plea or pre-disposition report) indicates that the 
considered by the Court. Your claim for restitution will be included in any probation investigation report (pre-sentence, pre-plea 
probation department. Plea agreements can occur within days of the actual criminal offense. If this information is not provided 
before the plea agreement and sentencing, you may have to pursue the perpetrator in Civil Court. 
filling out this form Please print. Answer all questions. /t is a crime to file a false claim! 
Here is a draft cover letter. Please feel free to edit. | left a few things highlighted that | wasn’t sure about. 
who alleged Epstein abused them and who had earlier been dismayed by a 2008 plea deal he received to resolve 
at deal allowe stein to plead guilty to two state charges and spend just 13 months in jail, with work release 
That deal allowed Epstein to plead guilty to t tate char; nd spend just 13 months in jail, with work rel 
Could you please update the outstanding requests log and the subpoena log tomorrow? Thank you! 
District of New York. Please see the attached riders. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Attached please find an unredacted request to charge, Exhibit A to the request to charge, and verdict sheet. The 
Attached please find the parties’ joint request to charge and proposed verdict sheet. The 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page 
and is ready for me to share with defense when you let them know it’s up (if you could please copy me on the email that'd 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailing 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed indices, and the enclosed materials are 
Additionally, please note that many of the individuals referenced in this production are 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Attached is a draft of a joint letter. Please let us know if you have any edits — we'll check for accuracy on our end as well, 
but we wanted to circulate so that we could all check at the same time. Please note that, for three jurors, we’ve 
please send us your list in excel? It makes merging the two lists faster. Thanks! 
Please find attached Defendant’s position on jurors 1-566. 
Please send us your list at noon as well. 
the task of compiling data for our joint submission. To that end, could you please email us your list of strikes by noon 
would be useful for us to know as we continue our investigation, please let us know. 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
2015/2016 to raise questions about the Epstein plea deal in Florida. Apparently through (with?) their attorney, 
Please find attached a letter from DAC Jj addressed to the United States Attorney with details of the relevant legal 
this email in error, please notify the sender and delete it from your system. Do not use, copy or disclose the information 
Please contact us with any further questions. 
Please see the attached response to your prior discovery requests, along with two attachments. We are available to 
Obviously please let us know if you intend to contact or interview anyone in his world, and of course let us know if any 
District of New York. Please see the attached riders. 
You're all set! Good luck. And please just keep me posted, since I’m going to be stuck writing his Capital Case memo this 
Please let us know if there is anything further we should do to follow-up. 
error, please notify me immediately by telephone a nd by return e-mail, and delete all copies of the 
Please excuse all typos and auto correct 
in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at (212) 349-0230 and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of 
Please let us know if there is anything further we should do to follow-up. 
in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at (212) 349-0230 and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of 
a be wa For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA a at as 
given the BOP press release that was just put out I assume we need to speak with someone there. Please 
been hours since this was reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written 
extraordinarily frustrating to have to tell them that we have less information than the press. Please advise. 
a be — For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or a at =e or 
and given the BOP press release that was just put out I assume we need to speak with someone there. Please 
been hours since this was reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written 
extraordinarily frustrating to have to tell them that we have less information than the press. Please advise. 
responses may be delayed. For urgent matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or — 
Removing BOP. They should NOT be releasing the body without confirming with FBI and DOJ-IG. Please discuss that with 
Can you please confirm whether that individual is in fact with BOP and/or MCC? Defense counsel is understandably 
Please advise as soon as possible, as the individual is waiting to know whether they should take steps to retrieve the body. 
more information to share, but please be advised that some of what I get may be shared with your office but not further 
BOP press release that was just put out Il assume we need to speak with someone there. Please advise. 
reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on those basic facts or when we can 
less information than the press. Please advise. 
= be = For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA pe eecra| at =a or 
Please see the attached emails regarding Suicide Watch and Psychological Observation. Suicide Watch and Psychological 
Warden is good for 10:00 am tomorrow at SDNY. Please provide me location details with in SDNY so I can 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
> Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
we'd really appreciate your help. Or if there’s someone else we should reach out to in the Civil Division instead, please 
referenced in Indictment number $1 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. The 
production is small enough to produce via an FTP site. Would you please send us a link to use for this production? 
We’ ve tried our best to chase all of these requests down. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
I’ve copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
WB got a third call from this person. Could you please let us know the status of your outreach to her? 
MB checked in with us to tell us that this person called him again. Could you please let us know the status of your 
Please see below. Would someone at the FBI be able to contact this woman for initial screening, please? Per our usual 
cover letter dated March 9, 2021. Attached please find proposed redactions to Exhibit 11. We do not believe any 
Please let us know what works for you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious 
Please see attached. Let me know if you need anything further. 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious 
Thanks again for your assistance with this. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
shipments on his account from 2007 — 2020 for your review. Please let me know if you have any questions or need 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious 
Please see attached. Let me know if you need anything further. 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious 
Thanks again for your assistance with this. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Attached please find an Order issued by Judge Nathan, which will be docketed tomorrow morning. 
Please confirm receipt. 
Attached please find the Government’s opposition to the defendant’s Rule 412 motion. 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
I tried calling I EY but his message indicates he is out. Can one of you please call me to briefly 
not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited. 
As always please don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful. 
should be sent to another prosecutor (Mike Miller had the name of J but not the full name) please advise. We would 
addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited. 
Please see the attached letter regarding the superseding indictment that was returned by a grand jury sitting in 
Please let us know if you are available during those windows. 
Minor Victim-4 in the S2 Indictment. Please note that both this letter is governed by the July 31, 
allegations contained in the $2 Indictment, below please find a list of certain Bates ranges that 
relate to Minor Victim-4, which were already produced to you. Please note that this list, which is 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
We received this new appeal in a case of yours. Could you please file a notice of appearance as additional counsel as soon 
Man Accused Of Threatening Flynn Judge Reaches Plea Deal 
A New York man will plead guilty to charges that he threatened to assault and 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
productions that PAE prepared. Would you please take a look and let me know when would be a good time this week for 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
Please see the attached file. 
Attached, please find a brief ex parte order from Judge Karas. The same will be filed under seal. 
mob of the 1930's to silence anyone who becomes inconvenient. So please think about 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
contents of the laptop. Please proceed to the MDC visitor entrance, let the guard know you are from the FBI and 
If you have any questions or issues, please feel free to call my cellphone at I. 
please let us know if it would be useful to schedule a call. 
whether there might be room for agreement. Whenever you're ready to discuss, please let us know when you'd 
Please note that the language below isn’t final from our perspective — we’re happy to discuss any issues you see 
As we've discussed, this isn’t a plea offer, and we don’t intend to issue a plea offer before notifying and consulting 
please let us know. 
That works for us, thanks. Could you please send us a conference line? 
I’m following up on my email below to confirm that you've received it. If you have any questions, please let 
Please let us know if you have any questions, or if a call would be useful to discuss. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
PAE if that would be helpful. Please let us know what we can do. 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by replying to the 
Please assist. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
Please let me know if you need anything else. 
distribute this message or any attachments and we ask that you please delete 
| am still in South Carolina and then will be in Colombia, back in West Palm Beach on the 9th Please just let me 
Hopefully you had a good trip. | assume we cannot answer any of these questions, but please let us know. Thanks. 
1. Why was Jeffrey Epstein allowed to plead guilty to a single count of solicitation of minors to engage in 
of..." Please explain. Why? 
distribute this message or any attachments and we ask that you please delete 
Please let me know if you would like me to do anything. Thanks. 
Please let me know when one of you have a moment to chat briefly about this matter. 
Thursday 7/23. Please let me know if there is a convenient time for a call that afternoon. 
| am just following up on the below email request for a brief phone call. Please let me know when you have availability. 
Well done on the new indictment against Ms. Maxwell. We were pleased to see that conduct in New Mexico formed the 
Please let me know what number we should call. 
Balderas did issue a statement saying he was pleased Garcia Richard was “taking back lands that should be 
if there is any more granularity on this topic (or any additional topic or topics), please let us know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Attached please find the signed proffer agreement. It was nice seeing everyone yesterday. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Not a problem at all -- I've added everyone to the calendar invitation. Please let us know if any other tech issues crop up, 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
indicated below. If you would like to view the status of your order or make any changes to it, please visit Your Orders on 
This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message. 
ill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
GE wi! open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
ae will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
Subject: Accepted: Epstein Meeting (Please hold the time) 
Event: Accepted: Epstein Meeting (Please hold the time) 
provided with the below information and attached Program Statement. Can you all please review this information and 
the criminal case. We will studiously avoid creating any sort of conflict with that case. Please let me know if you have 
Could you please let us know which of the following windows next week works for a brass meeting? Monday 11-2:30, 
property. Would you have time for a quick call in the next couple days to discuss, please? 
Attachments: J plea submission, with attachments.pdf 
Please print 
locate. Please let me know if you have availability on either of those days. 
collection, in particular, please let us know. And if a call on those issues would be helpful, happy to set one up. 
for a quick call? If so, please let us know what might work for you. 
2015/2016 to raise questions about the Epstein plea deal in Florida. Apparently through (with?) their attorney, they 
Please put on our calendars 
Attached please find the prosecution memo for the Ghislaine Maxwell investigation. The team will be working ona 
Thanks so much, [J Would you please send me the MDC cover letters so | can send them to MDC counsel? 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Today we are sending via FedEx a new disc containing a new discovery production for Ghislaine Maxwell. Attached please 
Of course, and I’m sorry it happened in the first place! Attached please find the cover letter draft (if that’s helpful), as well 
Thanks you so much for catching that, letting us know, and fixing it so quickly, GE Really appreciate that. Please just 
Please confirm 
Jf you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you 
vu have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this messa 
Please call with any questions Sag 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time 
Please use ernail or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during ths time 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you 
Please let me know if | need to arrange these through the MDC legal conferencing portal managed by FONY. 
Please use email or fax, instead of reqular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you 
Please make these arrangements immediately 
Please wee email or fax, instead of regular maul, for all correspondence during this tame 
If you have received this transmission in error, please nonfy the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. 
have discussed. We want to emphasize that this is not a plea offer or a proposal, but we are passing this 
notifying them that we are in plea negotiations. That letter will need to go out this week. From our 
My HQ has the following question on the underlying case, can you please forward this to the prosecutors on the 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use 
We need to obtain a copy of the death certificate and autopsy report to close out Jeffrey Epstein’s case. Can! please get 
BE | Just tried to reach you. Please let us know if you have a second to chat. We should also both be in by 
Please be advised that we received he following report from the Bureau of Prisons MCC New York at 2115 hours on this 
Removing BOP. They should NOT be releasing the body without confirming with FBI and DOJ-IG. Please discuss that with 
Can you please confirm whether that individual is in fact with BOP and/or MCC? Defense counsel is understandably 
Please advise as soon as possible, as the individual is waiting to know whether they should take steps to retrieve the body. 
more information to share, but please be advised that some of what I get may be shared with your office but not further 
BOP press release that was just put out I assume we need to speak with someone there. Please advise. 
reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on those basic facts or when we can 
less information than the press. Please advise. 
me be —— For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or a —_—_ at aS or 
agent and/or restraints, reasons for use of hard restraints instead of soft restraints, etc.) Please be clear abo 
With apologies for the delay, attached please find the defendant's letter regarding the proposed limiting instructions in 
Please let us know if you would like to discuss this request. 
Please let us know if you would like to discuss this request. 
Please let us know if you would like to discuss this request. 
ill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
the case and knows both J and the facts very well. Please include [J in any follow-up that you may. 
Please let us know what other information we can provide or if you have any further questions. 
Attached please fin [a Te Government submits 
Thanks very much for speaking with us today. Could you please send me the following information for your travel? I'll 
Attached please find a fact witness travel request for another witness in the Maxwell trial — We currently 
is underway. Please let us know if you have any questions. 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
Attached please find proposed redactions to the transcripts of voir dire. 
be testifying under a pseudonym. Could you please reach out to him when you can? 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
Thanks very much. When you have a chance, please send me the tracking number for Maxwell at the MDC, and for 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover 
non-testifying witness material and exhibits are also ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying 
Please let us know if you would like to pick up the drive today or if you would like us to FedEx it (and if so, to where). 
Please let us know if you would like us to send today via FedEx a hard drive with these materials to Ms. Maxwell at 
Please either send us a redline so we can discuss or let us know if you agree. 
Hi - can | please clarify if I'm allowed to identify J by name as she has previously waived her right to 
being provided in advance of the trial to ensure efficient communications. Please take careful note. 
Please also note that all case filings in U.S. v. Maxwell are available in the Court's electronic filing system; we encourage 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE AT (212) 637-2600. 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not 
exemption document for you. Please try to send it back on or about July 14% 2020. 
Berman (see Page 11 of supporting document). Please acknowledge receipt of this request. 
Please see the attached letter of today’s date. A copy will also be sent via Fedex. Thank you. 
or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please 
full extent of the law. Please be advised, however, that Panish Shea & Boyle LLP and its lawyers do not represent you until you have 
There was a minor typo with some of the dates. Final report with the changes attached. Please disregard the report 
confidential as provided in Title 18 U.S.C. § 3153(c)(1). Please shred, delete and 
Can you please let me know if there is a specific custodian for this priv review for Epstein? Also, can you please let me 
Here is a draft letter to the Court. I’m going to send to the chiefs in 10 minutes so please let me know if you have any 
be sealed. Can you please explain your position? 
Please let me know if you want to discuss further. 
cover letter dated March 9, 2021. Attached please find proposed redactions to Exhibit 11. We do not believe any 
Please let us know what works for you. 
message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. Professor Cassell is admitted to the 
Yes of course — please see the attached, and please let me know if any additional information would be useful. 
Attached please find a prosecution memorandum requesting authorization to seek a superseding indictment charging 
We can be available tomorrow at 4:30. Please let me know if you would like for me and the vendor to call you or do you 
Me and the vendor (PAE) need to talk to you about the scanning data to be loaded to Relativity. Please let me know when 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
please let me know before making any such disclosure. 
Please provide any and all student records for the following students who attended Interlochen 
by an executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. PLEASE PROVIDE 
Could you please send us provider information for the phone number listed in the SORNA registration? Looks 
For the number, could you please run that through WhatsApp, and take screen shots of any account that 
In addition, could you please run database searches on 301 E. 66° Street? This is the address for a property 
[a welcome to the glorious world of mass-document management! If you could please fill out the 
Please have everyone send the attached form back to me and | will have an RSA token sent to them. 
We'd like to set up a Relativity database, please, for U.S. v. Epstein, am and to grant access to AUSAs 
Please let me know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
' For additional information on mobile device exemptions, please refer to the Department of Justice Mobile Device and Mobile 
? For additional information, please refer to the Department of Justice Secure Use of Wireless Networks FAQ at 
* For additional information on foreign travel requirements, please refer to the Foreign Travel Laptop Use and Foreign Travel 
information on the use of mobile devices during foreign travel, please refer to the Mobile Device and Mobile Application 
* For additional information, please refer to the Department of Justice Secure Use of Wireless Networks FAQ at 
for Privileged Users. If you have questions related to this ROB, please contact your Help Desk, 
* For additional guidance on PII, please refer to Information Technology Security, DOJ Order 2640.2F 
* For disposal guidance, please refer to Records Management, DOJ Order 2710.11 
’ For additional information on disclosure of federal taxpayer information, please refer to /nternal Revenue Code Sec. 7213 and 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
phone her number is A, and please let us know if anything would be helpful on our end. 
info — I’m reachable at this email address or by phone at I (office) or I (cell). Please don’t 
In connection with this trip, could you please assist with booking the following travel? Thanks! 
e If you could please make all flights refundable, that would be great — it’s possible we'll need to rebook parts of 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
email, please don’t hesitate to give a call. No emergency or rush, but did want to ask. 
Sounds good, thanks very much. And if you could please send me any tax forms | need that would be great. Thanks again. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Whenever you have a chance, please let us know if you are available to meet on any of the following dates: 
December 18, January 6, 7, 8, 10, and 16. If none of those dates work, please provide alternate dates and 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, of copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
applicable Jegal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
Attached please see the transcript from the first appearance in front of Judge Freeman. On page 15 (lines 7-15), Robbie 
email, please don’t hesitate to give a call. No emergency or rush, but did want to ask. 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
are not the intended recipient(s) or his/her agent, please be advised that any disclosure, use, review, copying, selling, dissemination, publication, or distribution of this 
transmission ts strictly unauthorized and prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender at the number above, return the original e-mail by 
about additional possible exposure you should please feel free to be in touch with us again. As we also discussed, | 
Please let us know if any other information would be useful at this stage, and hopefully we can be in touch in the coming 
In connection with the Government'’s application relating to the above-captioned case, please see the attached letter, 
Yes of course — please see the attached, and please let me know if any additional information would be useful. 
Please see the attached PDF for an Order that was filed under seal today in 19-mc-179. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Will, would you please send these and let me know when they've gone out? Thanks so much! 
Thanks, J. Please send the docs via the link below: 
We are available for a call to discuss tomorrow between 1pm and 2pm, between 3pm and 5pm, or after 5:30pm. Please 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
audio-video communication equipment. Please ask us for ways we can assist parties to appear remotely for 
please review the attached subpoena guidelines. If you have any further questions, please contact 
please specify that “ALL inquiry information, including but 
Please be sure to include an e-mail address, fax number, or 
Please find attached a grand jury subpoena. Feel free to reach out should you have any questions. 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
please let me know before making any such disclosure. 
of Records. PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT IF POSSIBLE. 
Please provide any and all credit reports, fraud alerts, and related documents pertaining to the 
Please forward the above requested information in electronic format to: 
Please note that a subpoena is not sufficient process to compel production of the account 
Please note that Google Pay service data is under the control of Google Payment 
Please click here [protect2.fireeye.com]| to download the file. 
When setting up initial account, please be sure to check your spam/junk email folder for the notification email. 
Please click here to download the file. 
When setting up initial account, please be sure to check your spam/junk email folder for the notification email. 
Pursuant to Judge Nathan's September 15, 2020 memo endorsement order, attached please find a supplemental letter, 
Please find attached a memo endorsement signed by Judge Nathan, which will temporarily remain under seal. Please 
Attached for Judge Nathan's consideration please find a letter pursuant to Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 16(d)(1), 
along. =a please make a note in the log. Thanks. 
to begin on November 29, 2021. For your records, attached please find a trial subpoena. We expect will 
GEE and will need to travel here for the interview. Could you please let me know what steps | should take for us to 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
I'd be grateful if you could drop me line with some responses within the next 48 hours if at possible please. Many 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not 
Thanks, a When you have a moment, could you please forward me the letters Steptoe sent? (Sounds like they are the 
our Civil Division, copied here. Please note that in light of the death of the defendant and in anticipation of the entry of 
Please find attached correspondence for your attention. We intend to serve these requests separately on the 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Please find attached correspondence for your attention. We intend to serve these requests separately on the MCC and 
intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
My HQ has the following question on the underlying case, can you please forward this to the prosecutors on the 
If you did not intend to send PII within the message, please check the message contents and resend the message 
For any questions, please contact your local IT Helpdesk. 
Please see the attached that we filed a few minutes ago. 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Please let us know if you have any questions. 
Before I reserve the conference room, please send me approval from [J JJ to reserve a conference room for 
GE and | are traveling to West Palm Beach next week for the Epstein case. Could you please help book our 
Conference Room: please book a conference room at the Hilton for both Tuesday and Wednesday. If they have a 
We look forward to seeing you at our office this Wednesday at 9:30, and please don’t hesitate to reach out in the interim 
If you have any questions for us or if a call would be helpful, please let us know. 
produce only the Excel version, but please let us know if you would like the PDF compilations as well. 
Party fields, it is not easily sortable by account number. In light of your request below, please let us know if you would like 
to Jeffrey Epstein, dated August 11. (Please note that there is a typo in the September 3 subpoena—in the “NAME” field, 
the second name should say {ie rather than aa please let us know if we need to serve a 
Please let us know if any additional information would be useful, thanks again for talking with us last week, and we look 
That works for us. Please let us know if there’s a number we should call you at, otherwise we'll be reachable then at 
andi who are also working on the case—we’ll get a quorum on our side and finalize a time. And please let 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
Guidelines, | will be submitting a proposed schedule for penalty phase pleadings over the weekend. 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete 
We need to obtain a copy of the death certificate and autopsy report to close out Jeffrey Epstein’s case. Can | please get 
back and might be of investigative value. Would you please handle, or pass along to whoever has been handling the 
coordinate travel. Would you please provide J with your new client’s name as it appears on her ID, date of birth, 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Will do. Would you please let us know when would be a good time to reschedule? 
Please cancel for today. Sorry. 
Ok thanks, please keep us posted. We are happy to accommodate ij schedule. 
did it that way. If so, please send us the number to dial. Daniel from my co counsel Marianne Wang’s office will also be 
hopefully help coordinate travel. Would you please provide [J with your new client’s name as it appears on her 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Please see JM or 9 re: the conference room. 
Please be sure that your legal asst. creates/submits a travel authorization in E2 for [JJ to officially fund & approve. 
e Please email me a copy of your CWT air / rail e-ticket email & or hotel reservation confirmation 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
meeting and they will take my phone. Would you please respond to my message below prior to that time in order that | 
schedule tomorrow. Please advise if you want to interview her there at 11:A.M or 11:30.at the end of their meeting or 
Ok thanks, please keep us posted. We are happy to accommodate [i schedule. 
did it that way. If so, please send us the number to dial. Daniel from my co counsel Marianne Wang’s office will also 
hopefully help coordinate travel. Would you please provide [J with your new client’s name as it appears on her 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Please file this, which includes my response, in some appropriate place. Thanks. 
the disposition of Epstein’s property. | was assigned to respond to this. Please advise. 
(see email attached), this has been assigned to USAO-SDNY for handling. Please let me know if you have any questions or 
than we would have expected. Can you please let us know exactly how many electronic devices (phones, computers, hard 
Please find the signed report attached for the interview of 
Please use the original rider | sent you (which is attached). 
Please use the attached rider. I was able to find an account number. 
Please prepare and return to me a subpoena for CapitalOne regarding [MMM | have attached the rider for 
Additionally, please utilize the following text in the subpoena: 
uestions, please contact Forensic Accountant 
Please forward the results in an electronic format to Special Aget Federal Bureau of 
If you have any questions or comments, please contact me. 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
and (2) accompanied by an executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. Please 
Please provide from account inception to the present any and all records pertaining to the following 
fiduciary as well as custodian, executor, or guardian. Please provide all images of documents in 
A. Please use the following identifiers: 
PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT IF POSSIBLE. 
Please contact Forensic Accountan i with any questions. 
Please provide all images of documents in Adobe PDF files on CDs. Additionally, please provide Data 
Please provide from inception to present any and all records pertaining to the following 
A. Please use the following identifiers: 
If you have any questions or comments, please contact IM, Forensic Accountant, at 
reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on those basic facts or when we can 
less information than the press. Please advise. 
- be = For _— matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or 1S, ae at ee =] or 
Eras For a matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA cic = el at or 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
Could you please send us scans of all the interview notes since Epstein’s arrest? If there are any 302s ready, that would be 
As always please don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful. 
As always please don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful. 
I’m not sure why we got sent these in this format, but could we ask you to please separate these docs out and save them 
Please save each interview notes with the format: YYYY-MM-DD, [First name Last name], interview notes 
folders, please create new subfolders in that overall one. 
And of course please let us know if any questions, issues, etc — and thank you! 
Thanks i |’ cc’ing EE «would you be able to please reach out to I? 
If you did not intend to send PII within the message, please check the message contents and resend the message 
For any questions, please contact your local IT Helpdesk. 
into a cooperation agreement, plea agreement, immunity or non-prosecution agreement. The 
Iam currently traveling for work. Although I have some access to emails, my responses may be delayed. For urgent matters, please contact the 
Iam currently traveling for work. Although I have some access to emails, my responses may be delayed. For urgent matters, please contact the 
I'd like to arrange the following travel, all with refundable tickets, please: 
out December 16, 2019 in LA, please. No need for a hotel in DC, as I'll be staying with family. 
In connection with this trip, could you please assist with booking the following travel? Thanks! 
e = If you could please make all flights refundable, that would be great — it’s possible we'll need to rebook parts of 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HS 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
check out the batches as you see fit. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
For that database, would you please help us create the below tags? 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. 
At the request of I please see attached the Unredacted version of the document filed today in the above 
referenced matters. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. 
The zip files have been copied to the below location. Please let me know if there are any issues with the data in the zip 
That’s what ! figured. Thanks! Now that they are all good to go would you please export both Deutsche Bank and 
The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
The data is probably secured for privilege review. Please let me know if these documents are not supposed to be 
Please review the documents and let me know if anything needs to be adjusted with the production. 
| know you want to produce these documents can you please tell me the following: 
4. Also please note that once the documents have been loaded to Relativity there is no way to run any searches for 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. SE EJ is admitted to the 
Hl GE - sent from my iPhone - please excuse brevity and errors. 
Hl GE - sent from my iPhone - please excuse brevity and errors. 
message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. =a ae is admitted to 
= For Yo matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUS or 
Hey, tomorrow (Tuesday) morning could one of you please burn a disc for the agents on Epstein with the materials in the 
should be sent to another prosecutor ae... the name of J but not the full name) please advise. We 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
— a 60LUlt(‘*@ Could you please check for those records in the file? Thanks! 
(attached), tolls and subscriber records were subpoenaed for that number. Could you please check the FBI file to 
e We discussed last name yesterday. i Could you please start doing a workup on her? Attached is 
Could you please run that number to see who that is? 
e Inaddition, there are multiple phone messages from an ee : ee «-.': you please 
PLEASE CALL 
PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED PLEASE CALL 
trial. Attached please find a subpoena requiring his testimony at the trial scheduled to begin on November 29, 2021. 
have any questions, please feel free to reach out to our team. 
Thank you so much for meeting with us by video-conference today. As discussed, attached please find a trial subpoena 
In the meantime, please feel free to reach out if you have any questions or if any issues come up. 
Final voucher 10893150(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Per our policy of passing along any civilian information related to Epstein, please see the attached correspondence. 
were of course provided separate from the protective order; if they don’t, please let us know, and again we'll continue 
To follow up on our call, can you please send us the search warrant returns/inventories and, if possible, any additional 
Hi guys, would one of you please send me the notes from the interview when you have the chance? 
is due. Please e-mail them to me — Stephanie is out of the Office. 
Please find attached a letter to the TSC regarding Epstein's blackmail of Parliament and the 
Attached is an update on the progress of the Epstein investigation. Please keep this memo on close hold given the 
Please see the attached letter to be filed under seal and submitted to the Court and all counsel pursuant to Section 2(B) of 
Please see the attached letter to be filed under seal and submitted to the Court and all counsel pursuant to Section 2(B) of 
a drive on which to load this copy. Would you please ask PAE to send the drive to again? 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
I have asked the appropriate staff to preserve the requested video footage. Please be advised MCC staff do not have 
at 4 am is preserved. If it is your understanding that the incident occurred at a different time, please let me know and 
We will be officially requesting this material through the appropriate means, but please consider this email a formal 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
To follow up on our call, can you please send us the search warrant returns/inventories and, if possible, any additional 
Final voucher 10893150(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Final voucher 10893150(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
are not the intended recipient(s) or his/her agent, please be advised that any disclosure, use, review, copying, selling, dissemination, publication, or distribution of this 
transmission is strictly unauthorized and prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender at the number above, return the original e-mail by 
about additional possible exposure you should please feel free to be in touch with us again. As we also discussed, | 
Please let us know if any other information would be useful at this stage, and hopefully we can be in touch in the coming 
GM could you please create a folder for “Emails” in hE °\ce: in the Epstein share drive and save 
Would you please save the attached pdfs in the respective witness and 3500 folders for the testifying witnesses in each 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
draft circulating. Sorry about that. Please feel free to edit as much as you like. Saved in the correspondence folder, 
Please see the attached Order from Judge Nathan, which directs MDC legal to file a letter with the Court by 
updated, but we wanted to touch base in advance to make sure you were aware. As always, please feel free to give us a 
but we wanted to touch base in advance to make sure you were aware. As always, please feel free to give us a call if you 
always, please feel free to give us a call if you have any questions or if you'd like to discuss this. 
Please explain why guards purposely disrupt Ms. Maxwell's 
Please address and remedy this problems immediately. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us know, we’re happy to be flexible. 
As we start thinking about scheduling a next meeting with [J we were wondering if you could please let us 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, JJ wanted me to clarify 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are here, and we will 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any reason: a 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
could schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us 
getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
I'm a reporter with BuzzFeed News. We're seeing reports that Jeffrey Epstein has died. Could you please 
As always please don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful. 
As always please don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful. 
Enclosed please find official notification from Warden =z regarding Mr. Epstein's passing. As the investigation is 
Accordingly, he asked that you please contact him tonight or tomorrow morning to arrange logistics of the 
Please let me know if there are any issues being in contact with him, and also feel free to contact me generally 
As always please don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful. 
As always please don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful. 
Thanks again for your help, and please let us know if you need any additional materials. 
Please pre 
Additionally, please utilize the following text in the subpoenas: 
Please forward the results in an electronic format to Special Agent Federal Bureau of 
If you have any questions or comments, please contact me. 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
and (2) accompanied by an executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. Please 
For the period of inception through the present, please provide any and all available information 
PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT IF POSSIBLE. 
Please contact Forensic Accountant gg at EEE or Special Agent 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
and (2) accompanied by an executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. Please 
Please provide from account inception to the present any and all records pertaining to the following 
Please provide all images of documents in Adobe PDF files on CDs. 
A. Please use the following identifiers: 
PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT IF POSSIBLE. 
Please contact Forensic Accountant at EEE or Special Agent 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
and (2) accompanied by an executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. Please 
Please provide from account inception to the present any and all records pertaining to the following 
Please provide all images of documents in Adobe PDF files on CDs. 
A. Please use the following identifiers: 
PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT IF POSSIBLE. 
Please contact Forensic Accountant at EEE or Special Agent 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
and (2) accompanied by an executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. Please 
Please provide any and all available information regarding money transfers and the purchase of 
PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT IF POSSIBLE. 
Please contact Forensic Accountant —— at ————— | or Special Agent Es 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
and (2) accompanied by an executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. Please 
Please provide any and all credit reports, fraud alerts, and related documents pertaining to the 
Please utilize the identifiers below: 
PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT IF POSSIBLE. 
Please contact Forensic Accountant i at EEE or Special i ———~+| 
Bruce Barket just filed the attached letter on ECF. Are you available for another call this afternoon, please? 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government’s letter motion requesting that the Court approve the enclosed 
The first set of PDF files that was processed by the vendor has been loaded to Relativity and is available for review. Please 
Thanks very much for letting us know. Would you please give me a call on my cell when you have a moment? 
ongoing, we will tell him that. If it has been completed, would you please send us any new reports and whatever 
Attached you will find a copy of Case No. 19-CR-490 as requested. Please confirm delivery. 
THE COURT: Good morning, everybody. Please be 
THE COURT: It's my pleasure. 
May it please the court. Brad Edwards, B-r-a-d 
reporters, please. 
have to pay for them, just as anyone else. You got a plea deal 
Please don't rob us of justice again. Thank you. 
believe, and it's a pleasure to have you here today. 
THE COURT: Thank you very much, Mr. Boies. Pleasure 
Please, please finish what you have started. I struggled to 
I cannot say that I am pleased he committed suicide, 
Your Honor, may it please the court. I would like to 
a Jane Doe. May it please the court. 
please him sexually 
Thanks very much. Sorry if missed it, but would you also please send me her DOB? 
Thanks Gloria. I've reminded [J about the previous booking but have not heard back. Please do send me that 
exactly as it appears on her ID, and her DOB. Would you please send me that information? 
RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
we could please grab that from you by tomorrow? 
would interfere with ongoing proceedings. Please let me know if we need to discuss. Otherwise, I'll draft a letter once we 
Please see the attached letter of today’s date. A copy will also be sent via Fedex. Thank you. 
or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please 
full extent of the law. Please be advised, however, that Panish Shea & Boyle LLP and its lawyers do not represent you until you have 
Please be advised that we represent the plaintiff in the above-referenced litigation who is 
from him next week and will forward directly to you. Thank you and please contact me with any questions. Have a great 
Thank you again for the call this afternoon. Attached is the subpoena we discussed. Please feel free to give me a call if 
from him next week and will forward directly to you. Thank you and please contact me with any questions. Have a great 
Thank you again for the call this afternoon. Attached is the subpoena we discussed. Please feel free to give me a call if 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Please be advised that the above list is limited to the individuals the Government may refer 
Please note that this letter and the information contained herein is governed by the July 31, 
Thanks, let’s do 10:30 a.m. on Thursday the 12th. Please let us know if your schedule changes, or if it’s useful to talk 
Either works for us so please choose what is most convenient for you. 
Could you please let us know what format we should expect in terms of the proffer? That will help us with figuring out 
Please find attached an index to our productions to date. This is a work in progress — we will update it as we gather and 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
ones have been contacted. Would you please review this with the FBI victim specialists to note any additional contact 
since Epstein’s death, would you please attempt to contact them and make a note of those attempts in the spreadsheet? 
Thanks, let’s do 10:30 a.m. on Thursday the 12th. Please let us know if your schedule changes, or if it’s useful to talk 
Either works for us so please choose what is most convenient for you. 
Could you please let us know what format we should expect in terms of the proffer? That will help us with figuring out 
Please find attached an index to our productions to date. This is a work in progress — we will update it as we gather and 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
hearing on Tuesday can you please either return to the Government all discovery you received in this case and certify that 
Thanks, let’s do 10:30 a.m. on Thursday the 12th. Please let us know if your schedule changes, or if it’s useful to talk 
Either works for us so please choose what is most convenient for you. 
Could you please let us know what format we should expect in terms of the proffer? That will help us with figuring out 
Please find attached an index to our productions to date. This is a work in progress — we will update it as we gather and 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Hi, This is ne : attorney, ——<——_ Please give me a call regarding tomorrow fo | 
Attached you will find a copy of Case No. 19-CR-490 as requested. Please confirm delivery. 
We will continue to keep you posted. Please let us know if you have any questions. Thanks. 
Please prepare and return to me subpoenas for Wells Fargo, CITI, MoneyGram, Western Union and Experian 
Additionally, please utilize the following text in the subpoenas: 
If you have any questions, please contact Forensic Accountant RRS or Special Agent 
Please forward the results in an electronic format to Special Agent Federal Bureau of 
If you have any questions or comments, please contact me. 
Please provide all images of documents in Adobe PDF files on CDs. 
Please provide from account inception to present any and records pertaining to the following 
A. Please use the following identifiers: 
If you have any questions or comments, please contact a Forensic Accountant, =a 
Please provide any and all credit reports, fraud alerts, and related documents pertaining to the following 
Please utilize the identifiers below: 
If you have any questions, please contact Forensic Accountant yy GY ot RY 0° Special 
investigation. If you intend to disclose the existence of this subpoena to a third party, please let a Special 
Please utilize the following identifiers: 
If you have any questions or comments, please contact BE orensic Accountant, iim 
Please provide all images of documents in Adobe PDF files on CDs. 
Please provide from account inception to present any and records pertaining to the following 
A. Please use the following identifiers: 
If = have = —— or comments, please contact RE orensic Accountant, ; 
Please utilize the following identifiers: 
Co please contact IF orensic Accountant, ii 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
That time works for us, thanks. Could you please circulate a dial-in? 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of 
Following up on the below -- could you please circulate? 
Could you please pull the FinCEN records listed below and circulate to the team? It sounds like they're 
will allow you to pull the records up in FinCEN Query or cross-reference with your files. Please let me know if 
intended recipient, please do not read, distribute, or take action in reliance on this message. If you have received 
this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and promptly delete this message 
please let us know if that's not correct (when ps 5 says "the relevant SAR information" I'm not sure what 
intended recipient, please do not read, distribute, or take action in reliance on this message. If you have received 
this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and promptly delete this message 
Please find attached an index to our productions to date. This is a work in progress — we will update it as we gather and 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Epstein plead to a state offense and they declined prosecution 
It is well-settled in the Second Circuit that a plea 
decision by Mr. Epstein to plead to a higher state offense than 
would be available for you to meet up with between 9:30 am — 12:30 pm Monday — Friday. Please let me know which you 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I'm wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [J please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Apologies for piling on, but if you could please also make slides that have the following excerpts of the attached 
excerpt from flight records. The records are attached — could you please make slides excerpting the records (and flagging 
affiant, would you please call me with any corrections/edits to the affidavit? You'll see there’s one question in there from 
| hope each of you had a good weekend. Please find language below that has been approved by FBI NY, VSD 
Specialist, or if you have any questions regarding your rights to victim services and referrals, please email 
Adding to this, two more for this morning, please, attached. For the Mos = | please mail; for the 
GE if you could please mail it to the address but also fax it to the fax number listed? Thanks again. 
As discussed, could you please put the attached subpoena in the mail this morning? Let me know if any questions or 
Restitution Act (VRRA), including notification of court events. For further details, please refer to Title 34 United 
any public proceeding in the district court involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding; (5) 
timely manner of any plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement; and (10) The right to be informed of the 
aspect of the case, please contact one of the prosecutors listed above or me at est 
Please understand that these rights apply only to victims of the specific counts charged in federal court, and 
notifications. If you wish to receive ongoing notifications regarding this case, please contact me =z 
INSERT MAXWELL NEXT HEARING INFORMATION]. If you plan on attending please call me 7 
Specialist, or if you have any questions regarding your rights to victim services and referrals, please email 
Please note that certain documents (i.e. indictment, judgment, etc.) may become available periodically on the 
are receiving notifications with multiple victim ID/PIN codes please contact the VNS Call Center. In addition, 
involve this matter, please contact this office at the number listed above. 
GB could you please take on this project of making sure the victim info in the database is accurate for the letter that will 
| hope each of you had a good weekend. Please find language below that has been approved by FBI NY, VSD 
Specialist, or if you have any questions regarding your rights to victim services and referrals, please email 
Please see the attached letter to Judge Nathan, which was just filed on the docket. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
plead guilty in Florida state court to soliciting minors for prostitution and to serve eighteen 
practice for federal plea agreements. This provision appears to have been added “with little 
promise as part of a plea bargain, both contract principles and due process require the federal 
In United States v. Annabi, the Second Circuit held: “A plea agreement binds only the 
office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it 
(2d Cir. 1985) (per curiam). This is something akin to a clear statement rule. Single-district plea 
Gonzalez, 93 F. App’x 268, 270 (2d Cir. 2004). Those are common shorthand. A plea 
Second Circuit precedent creates a strong presumption that a plea agreement binds only 
The cases Maxwell cites where courts held hearings on the scope of a plea agreement 
defendant to plead double jeopardy in a later prosecution based on the same events. United 
prevent surprise, and to interpose a plea of double jeopardy should he be prosecuted a second 
Please Explain 
( ) { ) Other - Please Explain 
To request adjustments for Service Failures or lack of a POD, please call 1-800-622-1147, 
Please include detailed explanation for each adjustment request. 
Please indicate change in address for the account # listed below: CO Physical Address O Billing Address O Malling Address 
Following up on our recent discussions, please see the attached letter from our Office. 
Actually, | apologize — | sent you the wrong draft of memo. Please use this version instead. 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
« Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
« Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
Attached please find a prosecution memorandum requesting authorization to seek a superseding indictment charging 
Attached please find a prosecution memorandum requesting authorization to seek a superseding indictment charging 
Attached please find a prosecution memorandum requesting authorization to seek a superseding indictment charging 
Hey I’m sorry, | neglected to include info about the next hearing date — let’s please use the following instead, and thanks 
for July 14, 2020, please contact Wendy Olsen, Victim / Witness Coordinator, at the telephone number or email address 
If you believe you are a victim of GHISLAINE MAXWELL, from during any time period and in any location, please contact 
counseling. If you believe you are a victim, of if you would like information or assistance with referrals, please contact: 
Could we please create a new Victim & Witnesses Services page for the Maxwell case, similar to what we did for the 
please call 1-800-Call-FBI 
And then for the first entry, a “July 8, 2020 update”, could we please post the following, along with a link to the PDF of 
If you believe you are a victim of GHISLAINE MAXWELL, from during any time period and in any location, please contact 
counseling. If you believe you are a victim, of if you would like information or assistance with referrals, please contact: 
a... | te | are available for a call later this morning, if that would be useful. Please let us know what time 
WM. could you please take on this project of making sure the victim info in the database is accurate for the letter that will 
| hope each of you had a good weekend. Please find language below that has been approved by FBI NY, VSD 
Specialist, or if you have any questions regarding your rights to victim services and referrals, please email 
Please contact me if you have any questions. 
With apologies for the quick turn around on this, could you please send us a list of all known bank accounts held in 
Maxwell’s name (or otherwise associated with her)? For those accounts, please provide the last year/month we have 
the list, please include accounts that we are aware of but do not yet have information for. If you could please send this 
We’re all available then — if you could please send a dial-in, we'll join at 1:00. Thanks. 
Further to our previous discussions, attached please find a proposed protective order. Once we have a finalized order 
from the Court, we expect to be able to begin to make productions very shortly. Please let us know if any questions or 
from another case with that signature included. Would you please insert it into all of these subpoenas for the Korea case? 
accessible to”. Would you please fix that before sending out? 
you please correct those? 
e Some of the riders have highlighting in them—would you please remove that? 
Would someone be able to please send me a stamped copy of this application and warrant? Judge Parker sent the 
No problem. Our paralegal just sent the documents over. Please let us know if you have any difficulty accessing them. 
Thanks, (J. Please send the docs via the link below: 
We are available for a call to discuss tomorrow between 1pm and 2pm, between 3pm and 5pm, or after 5:30pm. Please 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
Thanks, J. Please send the docs via the link below: 
We are available for a call to discuss tomorrow between 1pm and 2pm, between 3pm and Spm, or after 5:30pm. Please 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
productions that PAE prepared. Would you please take a look and let me know when would be a good time this week for 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
file a response. Please confirm. 
file a response. Please confirm. 
week. Please let me know when would be convenient for you; thanks. 
lf you have this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and permanently delete it and 
Per our discussion, please see attached. 
Please let us know if you have any questions. Thank you. 
Please let us know if there is anything further we should do to follow-up. 
in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of 
our QPDF case, but please keep it confidential beyond that. 
Thanks for advising about {J transfer to Englewood. Can you please expedite the below request relating to Epstein’s 
Hope all is well with you and fam. Can you please advise? Thx! 
When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): 1994-1996 
Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide the specific location/address if possible): Frogmore 
When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and ume): 2002-2004 
Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide the specific location/address if possible): NYC/Manhattan 
questions so I can piece it together. Such as could you please tell me if 
When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date 
Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide the specific 
When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): 1993? | was 14/15 
Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide the specific location/address if possible): 1993? | was 
Additional Info: Please contact 
When did the crime/i occur? (Please 
cur? (Please provide 
Please provide details about the specific location where the victim is 
Please provide details about the specific location where the victim is 
please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the delivery and who will be available to receive the 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
Please note that the item identified with bates number SDNY_GM_02742043 consists of 
Additionally, as a courtesy, attached to this letter please find a chart of the Subject Devices 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
the DA’s office reached with Dr. Robert Hadden in 2016 to surrender his medical license and plead 
not be aware of how many cases get resolved via plea deal as opposed to at trial, she added, “I think 
doesn’t change specific pleading. As long as you explain the elements that you're trying to prove you're 
Chiefs and Project Safe Childhood Coordinator, please remind the assigned AUSA to make updates in their 
public access, while at the other end, pleadings and summary judgment papers are 
Epstein’s plea agreement. {MJ joinder motion (the “Joinder Motion”) included numerous 
that pleadings and summary judgment papers ... are judicial documents upon filing.” /d. at 
Team, could you please send me a zip of the financial exhibits? It would be great if the file names of the exhibits just had 
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS NOTICE OR THE ACTIONS WE HAVE TAKEN, PLEASE 
IF . te TO US, PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR TELEPHONE NUMBER AND THE MOST CONVENIENT 
TIME FOR U CALL SQ WE CAN CONTACT YOU TO RESOLVE YOUR INQUIRY. PLEASE RETURN THE 
tex returns, and documents, even if you have no employees. Please keep thie netice in 
Please chock the bine to che left af anv onc os more of the following rexetutions which baer been adopted If the line to the left of any 
* Tell us your name and account number Please direct all inquiries to your Morgan Account @fficer at 
* Tell us your name and account number. Please direct all inquiries to your Morgan Account Officer at 
Please initial the fine to the left of each of the following lettered Subdivisions as to which an agent will be given 
PLEASE INITIAL THE LINE TO THE LEFT OF EACH OF THE FOLLOWING LETTERED SUBDIVISIONS AS TO WHICH AN AGENT WILL BE 
PLEASE INITIAL THE LINE TO THE LEFT OF EACH OF THE FOLLOWING LETTERED SUBDIVISIONS AS TO WHICH AN AGENT WILL BE 
| | Please omit my address from the check ynprint. 
Please sign and return the attached W8 form(s). 
Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions, and thanks a lot for your assistance with this matter. 
Thank you. Attached please find the staff memos and photos that were taken. Please advise if you need to 
. Please consider this email my request for any and all documents and other materials, including 
backstory in order to respond to the request. Please feel free to let me know if this is something that should be 
Please let us know if you have additional questions. 
Following up on our recent discussions, please see the attached letter from our Office. 
protective order in the above-captioned case. Please let us know what time you are available today between 5:00 p.m. 
Additionally, also relating to the production of discovery, please mail, or otherwise have delivered, a 1 terabyte hard drive 
That works for us. Please let us know if there’s a number we should call you at, otherwise we'll be reachable then at 
please let us know if any other information would be useful in the interim. 
firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us know, we’re happy to be flexible. 
As we start thinking about scheduling a next meeting with MM we were wondering if you could please let us 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (MM). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are here, and we will 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any reason: 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
could schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let 
getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
Received, thanks. And yes, if you could please send the other payments you've identified to those individuals and/or 
transactions, as well as any other associated details. Could you please provide that information? Or if you 
already have, could you please point us in the right direction—I’ve looked through the production index to try to 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
All of the data has been loaded to Relativity and is available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Relativity (“BSF second production” under “BSF returns”), please. I’m sending them in a separate folder link so that they 
Please note there are a few things from that folder that do NOT need to be uploaded — the folder titled “!Original Zips” 
As always, please let me know if any questions or issues, and thanks very much. 
Following up on the below, and for the same case — US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618) — could we please load the 
And | don’t believe there is DVD information (as in the “BSF first production” documents), but if there is, please let us 
know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
New York, served on February 5, 2019, attached please find a sealed order (the “Order”) granting permission 
“CONFIDENTIAL” pursuant to the protective order in that case. Please note that although the Order permits 
litigation including but not limited to /n re Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein, et al., 17 Civ. 0616. Please produce only 
Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Order, or if it would be useful to discuss 
On behalf of attorney, Peter Skinner, please see the attached correspondence. In addition, | will be 
transmitting a secured link to related materials via our BSF ShareFile system. Please feel free to contact 
5, 2019, attached please find a sealed order (the “Order”) granting permission to BSF to comply with the Subpoena 
Please note that although the Order permits the provision of a copy to BSF, it is otherwise sealed. A copy of the Subpoena 
including but not limited to In re Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein, et al., 17 Civ. 0616. Please produce only materials in connection 
Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Order, or if it would be useful to discuss production 
know, please don’t bother me about this again, and it was real short simple conversation, 
and I. So, I was kind of freaked out by all of that. I pushed Jeffrey more to please get me 
thru Villafafa regarding disagreement on Menchel’s plea negotiations and Work Product 
and Andrew Lourie summarizing proposed plea terms as per Menchel Deliberative Process 
set for Epstein plea and Epstein’s plan to demand a meeting with CEOS. Deliberative Process 
plea negotiations, guideline calculations, and assistance in preparing Investigative Privilege 
thru Drew Oosterbaan, and Rolando Garcia regarding status of plea Deliberative Process 
P-014068 Acosta regarding final plea negotiations, finalizing details with State 6(e) 
P-014074 to the draft indictment and status of plea negotiations Investigative Privilege 
thru Jeff Sloman, Rolando Garcia, and Karen Atkinson regarding plea to Deliberative Process 
223(a)(1)(B); response that Epstein was only willing to plead to assault 
P-014134 regarding negotiations of a federal plea and a non-prosecution 
thru and Rolando Garcia regarding plea negotiations with counsel for Deliberative Process 
thru regarding plea agreement to federal charges and factual proffer Deliberative Process 
thru Andrew Lourie regarding plea negotiations and revisions to non- 
thru Epstein’s request to delay his change of plea Deliberative Process 
P-014298 raised by Epstein counsel and efforts to change date for guilty plea Attorney-Client Privilege 
plea 
notification letter of upcoming plea 
Sloman regarding history of plea negotiations and drafting response to 
plea 
Attorney’s Office for draft plea proffer Attorney-Client Privilege 
thru inquiries from State Attorney’s Office regarding Epstein plea to state Deliberative Process 
P-014464 charge and facts supporting state plea 6(e) 
delay in Epstein state plea. 
regarding renewed plea negotiations for federal plea agreement Deliberative Process 
Lefkowitz admitted that he never intended to have Epstein plead guilty 
Richards regarding renewed plea negotiations and press coverage of 
the plea deadline for Epstein 
P-014911 presentation; communication with S/A Kuyrkendall regarding plea Deliberative Process 
preparation, and Epstein’s attempt to revisit plea negotiations Investigative Privilege 
The person was pleased with that. 
this state plea and sentence... .” 1 did not know what that meant. The letter did not inform me 
one told me what was happening or that this plea had anything to do with preventing prosecution 
his plea bargain, and the others with whom he traveled have completely escaped. I hope that I 
| ~ ###PLEASE CARRY A VALID PHOTO IDeHes — 
PLEASE RECONFIRM FLIGHTS AND TIMES IN CASE OF SCHEDULE CHANGES 
‘ ‘Please contact tis agency before departure If you wish to rechock any new! iy in 
PLEASE NOTE that retention ich ations ae ties vsuacc hal Copan 
in State court and may plea to state charges related to some of his 
Epstein’s guilty plea hearing in state court involving another 
because no one had told me that this guilty plea was related to the 
still investigating my case. IfI had been told that this plea had 
have attended and tried to object to the judge and prevent that plea 
such a plea deal to go forward. It is my belief that the US 
pleadings trying to give me a chance to talk to prosecutors about 
a copy of the secret plea deal. I wanted to meet with the 
to confer with the prosecutors before Mr. Epstein took a plea or the 
no one notified me that his plea had anything to do with my case 
against him. I did not know, for example, that this plea had some 
Epstein got a really good plea deal because he is rich and powerful. 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
With apologies for the delay, attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government's reply in support of its detention 
Following up on the below, and for the same case — US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618) — could we please load the 
And | don’t believe there is DVD information (as in the “BSF first production” documents), but if there is, please let us 
know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
please feel free to check in with us on any specific questions. 
some way that indicates or suggests they contain photos in particular, please let us know, as we likely would request 
event, but please let us know if that is incorrect, or if at some subsequent point that status is expected to change. 
With those caveats, possible questions are below, and please let us know if it would be useful for us to chat again before 
you talk with your client, or otherwise please let us know when it would next be appropriate to check in. 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the sender immediately, destroy 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at wwwfieldfisher.com. 
Would you please save these on the Epstein share drive and note them in the tracker? 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
changed? Could you please let me know her current last name? 
Please let me know 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. Nothing in this email 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. Nothing in this email 
against compelled self-incrimination. Please let me know if you will require her to invoke in person or whether this 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. Nothing in this email 
and materials we discussed. In the first instance, so that you have full contact info for the team, please feel free to 
As we mentioned, please don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions, and we look forward to setting a time to 
as having recently been told by Epstein about Epstein’s prior conduct. Can we please try to contact him? Can issue 
Ah, possibly it’s the “2020-01-23” folder under Subpoena Returns? If so, I can we please (1) move that to under the 
complete, but hopefully we’re getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be 
with the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by [J (copied 
here)? I’ve left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
Ah, possibly it’s the “2020-01-23” folder under Subpoena Returns? If so, I can we please (1) move that to under the 
complete, but hopefully we’re getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be grateful 
with the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by [J (copied 
here)? I’ve left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
Thanks so much, MMCan you please update the bates range in the first paragraph and then send me a PDF of the 
letter? Can you please remove the word “discovery” from the title of the PDF? Are you able to share with the defense via 
Any edits, please let me know. Thanks! 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
Thanks so much, , ai Can you please update the bates range in the first paragraph and then send me a PDF of the 
letter? Can you please remove the word “discovery” from the title of the PDF? Are you able to share with the defense via 
Any edits, please let me know. Thanks! 
received this transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original transmission and its 
Following up on the below request, would you please let us know your position? | am available any time this afternoon if 
Would you please let us know your position on this extension request? We are also happy to have a phone call to discuss. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell_com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
if there is any more granularity on this topic (or any additional topic or topics), please let us know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell_com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Attached please find the signed proffer agreement. It was nice seeing everyone yesterday. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Not a problem at all -- I've added everyone to the calendar invitation. Please let us know if any other tech issues crop up, 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Any chance you could please review this chunk tomorrow please? In the meantime, and |’m working through all of the 
Andrew’s Plaza. Attached please find the accompanying letter. Please note that page 5 of the letter contains a disclosure 
Subject: FW: Please see annexed Epstein Victim Letter 
Embedded: FW: Please see annexed Epstein Victim Letter.msg 
Subject: FW: Please see annexed Epstein Victim Letter 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
| spoke to = — | and she and I can meet with you on Wednesday, March 4" at 2:00 p.m. Please confirm that works 
for your team. Can you also please send me the street address for your building so | can get that to A. 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
please immediately notify the sender by replying to th 
repeat docs. Please let us know the status? Thanks. 
Ah, possibly it’s the “2020-01-23” folder under Subpoena Returns? If so, J can we please (1) move that to under the 
complete, but hopefully we’re getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be 
with the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by fj (copied 
here)? I’ve left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
If we can get the FBI to either send us the data again with these corrections applied that would be great. Please let me 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
Please provide any and all records reflecting any and all donation(s), tuition payment(s), and/or 
Please also provide any and all records reflecting dates when Jeffrey Epstein and/or Ghislaine 
by an executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. PLEASE PROVIDE 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail 
if there is any more granularity on this topic (or any additional topic or topics), please let us know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Attached please find the signed proffer agreement. It was nice seeing everyone yesterday. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Not a problem at all -- I've added everyone to the calendar invitation. Please let us know if any other tech issues crop up, 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Hi RMP, Please see the attached ECC request package for 
If required, please inform the traveler how to determine who the POC is for this trip. 
Hi MJ Please let EOUSA know if you have checked to see if a visa is required for your destination. 
the e contents of this message, which arse as a result of e-maal transmassion. If verficaton is required please request a hard 
Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, whach arse as a result of e-mail transmasseon. If venficabon is required please request a hard-copy version 
Please ratify the sender immediat ed this e-mail by mistake and delete this e 
the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-maal transmasseon. [f venficaton is required please request a hard-copy version 
useful to discuss, please let us know. 
Please nouly the sender immediately by e-mail if you have rec his e-maal by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, whach arise as a result of e-mail transmassion. If venficabon is required please request a hard-copy version 
Please nouly the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, which arse as a result of e-mail transmassion. If verificalon is required please request a hard-copy version 
Please nouly the sender immediately by e-manl if you have rec { this e-maal by mistake and delete thas e-mail from your system. E-enail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, whach arise as a result of e-maal transmassion. If venficabon is required please request a hard-copy version 
Please nouly the sender immediately by e-marl if you have ne his e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, whach arse as a result of e-maal transmassion. If venficalon is required please request a hard-copy version 
useful to discuss, please let us know. 
Please let me know what works for you and if you'd like a CV and fee schedule in the interim. 
useful to discuss, please let us know. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
If there are any questions please contact either iii 
matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case. 
Please let us know if you have any issues accessing the materials. 
Please consider the environment before printing this email. 
the intended recipient, please notify us immediately —by replying to this message or by sending an email to postmaster@wilmerhale.com—and destroy all 
For more information about WilmerHale, please visit us at http://www.wilmerhale.com. 
Consistent with passing along all tips that somehow come to us, attached please find a voicemail I received earlier today. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please respond promptly to resolve Amazon’s non-compliance. Otherwise we will initiate contempt proceedings 
Could you please email me your notes and report of Epstein’s post-arrest statements? Thanks. 
Please let us know if you can attend or not. Just reply to this email or send In a completed rese rvation 
of the addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, 
Hi a. hopefully your travels are for = pleasure and not business but I won't inquire. I have a followup 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the 
please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited. 
else arises, please don’t hesitate to reach out to us, and we'll do the same. 
If you wish to discuss these matters, please do not hesitate to call. 
regardless of address or routing, is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Thanks very much for sending — the plea transcript was filed publicly in the CVRA litigation so we were aware of it, but as 
As always, please let us know if any additional clients of yours would be willing to speak with us at any stage — and feel 
you learn about it twice instead of never being aware of this proof. At the state court plea hearing, Epstein’s 
you please call me PS - two of my clients have advised me that they have contacted the FBI. 
Thanks — we can do later this morning, at 11:30 our time. Please let us know what the best number is to reach you and 
large. Please provide us with a 64 GB drive if you would like us to reproduce those ranges. 
Thanks for the follow-up. Please send the documents to the FTP link below: 
Below please find our responses. 
of all 1.2 million documents with the specific Subject Device indicated, please let me know, and | will ask one of 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an explanation 
why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were removed 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. if you hove received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by telephone and 
hotel to the travel card, which is incorrect—the entirety of the hotel was paid on my personal card (please see attached 
Please let me know when it’s corrected and I'll review again. Thanks. 
Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
assistance in connection with United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact AUSAEet SES For all other matters, 
please contact AUSA > as ea Thank you. 
assistance in connection with United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact AUSA EE For all other matters, 
please contact AUSA Thank you. 
assistance in connection with United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact i For all other matters, 
please contact US i: Thank you. 
Hi, This ‘iii attorney, aT Please give me a call regarding tomorrow fe 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please see the attached letter. 
information solely for the use of the intended recipient. If you received this message in error, please delete the message 
communication in error, please notify me immediately by replying to this message and delete this 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Per our call, please find attached the requests from [J including names in footnotes, as well as the Masseuse 
BB anc GR — could you please review so that we can add a summary of [J flights to the USVI to the 
information related to the conduct in this case to please contact 1-800-CALL-FBI. 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that, upon the accompanying memorandum of law, Defendant 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that, upon the accompanying memorandum of law and 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Please find attached a zip folder containing the second and final part of the exhibits pertaining to Maxwell’s renewed bail 
application. Thank you, and please let me know if you encounter any issues. 
| hope you’re both well! Please find attached a zip folder containing the exhibits pertaining to Maxwell's renewed bail 
application. Thank you, and please let me know if you have any questions or encounter any issues. 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Response to the Letter Motions to Quash her Rule 
Hi, the FPTC for the above case is scheduled to take place tomorrow for 4 hours beginning at 9:30. Please let 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailing 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed index, and the enclosed materials are govemed 
Hi RMP, Please see the attached ECC request package for 
If required, please inform the traveler how to determine who the POC is for this trip. 
Hi MM Please let EOUSA know if you have checked to see if a visa is required for your destination. 
We have not seen it, if you could please send it that would be helpful. Thank you. 
executors of the estate of Jeffrey Epstein, attached please find documents bearing Bates numbers GJ_000406 through 
Please use the Tip ID 214-W14227 along with the Disposition ID number 4404229 when completing the 
complete, but hopefully we’re getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be grateful 
the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by [J (copied here)? I’ve 
left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once the materials 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONEL | PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED PLEA 
TELEPHONED |, PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED PLEASE CALL 
{ PLEASE CALL 
PLEASE CALL 
| PLEASE CALL 
PLEASE CALL 
| PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED | PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED PLEASE CALL 
TEL EPHONED } PLEASE CALL 
| TELEPHONED ! PLEASE CALL 
PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED | PLEASE CALL 
| PLEASE CALL 
) PLEASE CALL 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Attached please find a courtesy copy of today’s ECF filing. 
Subject: RE: Please read - child exploitation/sex crimes case updates 
Please review the attached list, noting the most recent entry for any case under your name. Then... 
e = If the case is uncharged, please advise me of the status of any expected charges and/or come by to discuss next 
e = If the case has been charged, please send me a quick email with any updates to the case status (e.g., pled, 
sentenced, on appeal) or, if the status is up to date, please confirm that no changes need to be made. 
Thanks in advance for your prompt reply to this email. (Read: Please don’t make me hunt you down for updates — this will 
Understood, thanks. Let’s do the following flights, please, which both have one of the codes J mentioned: 
Thanks iM for clarifying the travel procedure to Jj. I, please let me know if the fully refundable flight option | 
Please let me know if you would like me to reserve this flight instead and I'll continue with your reservation. Thanks as 
GE, if you could please book me on the following flights: 
Please let us know if any questions or issues, and thanks as always. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), J and | would like to please 
element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we’d like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we’d like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HS 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
complete, but hopefully we’re getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be grateful 
the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by [J (copied here)? I’ve 
left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once the materials 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
Thanks J for clarifying the travel procedure to jj. I, please let me know if the fully refundable flight option | 
Please let me know if you would like me to reserve this flight instead and I'll continue with your reservation. Thanks as 
GE, if you could please book me on the following flights: 
Please let us know if any questions or issues, and thanks as always. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), IJ and | would like to please 
element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we’d like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we’d like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please let me know if you would like me to reserve this flight instead and I'll continue with your reservation. Thanks as 
GE, if you could please book me on the following flights: 
Please let us know if any questions or issues, and thanks as always. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), [J and | would like to please 
element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, IJ and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Chiefs and Project Safe Childhood Coordinator, please remind the assigned AUSA to make updates in their 
e Inthe case caption, please delete “defendant(s),” so that it does not read “defendant(s) Jeffrey Epstein”. I’m not 
e Please swap out this language: 
you may want to call the VNS Call Center or check the website to confirm the date and time. Please note, 
If you plan on attending, please call me at 917-301-6861 in case there are any last minute changes. 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
the disposition of Epstein’s property. | was assigned to respond to this. Please advise. 
(see email attached), this has been assigned to USAO-SDNY for handling. Please let me know if you have any questions or 
Per the e-mail below, please assign tof in SDNY for handling. 
Please send to J in SONY. 
files/emails. Please let us know if you have any questions. 
Could you please double check that we've already produced the attached records in discovery? For any record you can’t 
easily verify that we’ve already produced, please add it to the next production. 
Could you please take a look at these and let us know if any of these dates line up with Maxwell or Epstein’s travel? 
including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and 
Thanks so much! Can you please pull the CBP records for (MP We would like the CBP records for the 1990s 
only. Her date of birth hz She is French. Please let us know if you need any other information. Thanks again! 
laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the 
HM — Please see below. 
Trump to plead his father’s case at the summit. Gerry Shih 
On June 30, 2008, Jeffrey Epstein (hereinafter referred to as “Epstein) entered a plea 
In light of the entry of the guilty plea and sentence, the United States has agreed to 
defer federal prosecution in favor of this state plea and sentence, subject to certain 
Please confirm. 
Please see question below. Do you happen to know the answer? 
Please note this was not authorized by me. I wanted to discuss all of these issues with you and 
substance is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return 
Please provide as much of this information as possible today. I’m very sorry for the quick turnaround but 
Please contact us with any further questions. 
requests. Please contact us with any further questions. 
| am requesting the following: (please request only as needed) 
C) Others (please specify): 
i: having some computer issues so I’m sending — please see attached. 
are in New York on 10/22 and 10/23. We’d be happy to get times on the calendar. Would you please let us know who 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF] 
than we would have expected. Can you please let us know exactly how many electronic devices (phones, computers, 
Please advise whether TD Ameritrade intends to remedy its noncompliance and nonresponse to the subpoena or whether 
Please see the attached service of legal process, in connection with a criminal grand jury investigation. 
1) Could you please put together a photo array that includes [PI think we may need it for interviews with J and 
3) I’m aware of the [J photos from the Florida house, but if you could please let us know if you seized any from the 
please let us know. 
| know we've discussed the attached report before, but could you please double check whether there are any additional 
Please let us know by tomorrow approximately how many victims or potential victims of human trafficking you have 
Got it, that makes sense. Could you (or she) please forward us that email (and any letter, etc.) that went out, just so we 
1) Could you please put together a photo array that includes [JP I think we may need it for interviews with [J and 
3) I'm aware of the J photos from the Florida house, but if you could please let us know if you seized any from the 
please let us know. 
documents than we would have expected. Can you please let us know exactly how many electronic devices 
We need to obtain a copy of the death certificate and autopsy report to close out Jeffrey Epstein’s case. Can! please 
are in New York on 10/22 and 10/23. We’d be happy to get times on the calendar. Would you please let us know who 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
Thanks J. If any of you have a moment for a forfeiture-related question in the next few days, please let 
communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic 
Thanks J. If any of you have a moment for a forfeiture-related question in the next few days, please let 
communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic 
will be submitting a proposed schedule for penalty phase pleadings over the weekend. 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this 
will be submitting a proposed schedule for penalty phase pleadings over the weekend. 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
| wasn’t able to catch you today so | did my own reservation in E2 for this trip — could you please take a glance and make 
Would you mind booking my travel arrangements for this trip as well, please? | won’t need a hotel, but I'd like to book the 
In connection with this trip next week, could you possibly book my travel arrangements, please? That would be a big help, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please let me know if | can help in any way. 
we'd really appreciate your help. Or if there’s someone else we should reach out to in the Civil Division instead, please 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to a disc: 
Final voucher 10416822-1(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
you helped me add a column in Relativity to show the NYC serial number for each document. Would you be able to help me with that again, please? 
Please see below. Would someone at the FBI be able to contact this woman for initial screening, please? Per our usual 
Would you please save the attached 302s in the relevant witness folders on the USvEpstein share drive? 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
Happy to, but I’m not sure | have Mike’s number. Would you please send it to me? 
Yes, please 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
Please let us know what number to call. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. SE EE is admitted to the 
Wl GE - sent from my iPhone - please excuse brevity and errors. 
message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. SE EE is admitted to 
it later today. Can you start prepping this afternoon, please? 
Thanks for letting us know about the possible meeting location change— please let us know once you've been able to 
Briefly following up on this morning, if you could please let us know what if any information you're able to provide about 
Related, something I’m not sure we've specifically asked, and I’m not sure whether pretrial asked—can you please advise 
Please let me know 
hearing on Thursday, unless it is important to receive them before then, in which case please let me know and I'll try to 
aren't able to connect today please let me know, but hopefully we can get it coordinated. The contact is Special 
Wanted to send this to you as well in case your co-counsel can’t receive it in the Court. Please let me know if it 
arraignment referred by Judge Berman, attached please find a memorandum from the government on the issue 
Briefly following up on this morning, if you could please let us know what if any information you’re able to provide about 
Related, something I’m not sure we've specifically asked, and I’m not sure whether pretrial asked—can you please advise 
We are available at 1 p.m. (PST). Please let me know if you are available at that time. 
names being released to the public. Please advise immediately if it appears as if our clients’ 
is necessary for the case to move forward, please advise prior to doing so, so that our clients can 
Please let us know if you need any additional information at this time; otherwise, we look forward 
otherwise private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender 
otherwise private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately 
private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the 
Attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government’s request for the exclusion of speedy trial time in the above- 
Thursday, which I’m going to ask for in a letter this evening—could you please let us know if you consent? 
Briefly following up on this morning, if you could please let us know what if any information you’re able to provide about 
Related, something I’m not sure we've specifically asked, and |’m not sure whether pretrial asked—can you please 
of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the sender that you have received the message in 
Apologies for the delay. Would you please let us know what times would work for you and a: the next 
communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. 
morning if that works. Please let me know 
communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. 
privilege against compelled self-incrimination. Please let me know 1f you will require her to invoke in person or 
communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. 
and materials we discussed. In the first instance, so that you have full contact info for the team, please feel free to 
As we mentioned, please don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions, and we look forward to setting a time to 
of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the sender that you have received the message in 
Apologies for the delay. Would you please let us know what times would work for you and a: the next 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. 
morning if that works. Please let me know 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. 
communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. 
privilege against compelled self-incrimination. Please let me know if you will require her to invoke in person or 
communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this email from your system. 
and materials we discussed. In the first instance, so that you have full contact info for the team, please feel free to 
As we mentioned, please don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions, and we look forward to setting a time to 
message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. QI EJ is admitted to the 
IX. ADOPTION OF EARLIER PLEADINGS BY REFERENCE ........cssessssseessssessssseesssueessseesee 63 
“{w]hen the express terms of a plea agreement set forth promises by ‘the Government,’ . . . the 
plea agreement binds only the office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea 
the plea agreement by transferring a prosecution to another office” (citing United States v. 
not be told anything ‘until after Epstein pleas.*” DE 361 at 5-6 (citing Exhibit 25) (emphasis 
defends-handling-epstein-plea-deal-amid-calls-resignation/. Indeed, the affidavit was part of the 
order for any provision in a plea agreement to be enforceable, “there must have been a valid, 
United States Attorney and the AUSAs who negotiated the plea agreement with San Pedro did not 
contains a limitation on a victim making “a motion to re-open a plea or sentence” (18 U.S.C. § 
the fact that the CVRA permits re-opening of pleas and sentences in some circumstances, fully 
required an objection during a “proceeding” as a prerequisite to re-opening a plea or sentence — 
court processes) and “plea” and “sentence” makes considerable sense. As this Court explained, 
an “NPA entered into without notice has a more damaging impact on victims than a plea agreement 
entered into without notice. When a plea agreement is entered into without notice, the victim will 
tried to assert an alleged “plea negotiation” privilege over various documents. After this Court 
During the hearing, victims’ counsel discussed what he understood to be a plea deal of 
As soon as they had an inkling about a secret plea deal, Jane Doe | and 2 filed an emergency 
Circuit has instructed that in order for any provision in a plea agreement to be enforceable, “there 
to raise a “collateral attack” on his state court guilty plea. Epstein Remedies Br. at 46. Of course, 
belated challenges to guilty pleas. See, e.g., Guzman-Aviles v. State, 226 So. 3d 339, 346 (Fla. 5th 
our procedure . . . .The impact is greatest when new grounds for setting aside guilty pleas are 
approved because the vast majority of criminal convictions result from such pleas. Moreover, the 
only rarely raised by a petition to set aside a guilty plea.”). But any collateral attack would 
pleadings, that Office grossly violated their rights under the Act. The fact that 
cases in which the issue is interpretation of a plea agreement. Of course, the Government must 
F.3d 807, 874 (11th Cir. 2011) (analyzing scope of government promises in a plea agreement). 
Government is bound by plea provisions is subject to qualifications. The key case on this point is 
general rule requiring governmental adherence to promises made during plea negotiations is 
There, the Seventh Circuit refused to enforce a provision in a plea agreement where “the parties’ 
that a court must follow the law when interpreting plea agreements. Indeed, numerous cases hold that 
People, 986 P.2d 951, 959-60 (Colo. 1999) (court cannot enforce a plea agreement that waives the 
mandatory parole period); State v. Garcia, 582 N.W.2d 879, 881-82 (Minn. 1998) (plea agreement 
State v. Wall, 348 N.C. 671, 675-76 (1998) (holding that court cannot enforce a plea agreement for 
Mazzone, 212 W.Va. 368, 374 (2002) (court would not enforce plea agreement that called for court to 
they stand for the proposition that “a court cannot enforce facially invalid plea agreements that contain 
specific performance of a plea agreement to receive a concurrent sentence, because “such action would 
specific performance of an illegal arrangement, explaining that “[a]lthough the plea bargain seemed 
confer. Indeed, in Ex parte Rich, the court refused to enforce the plea agreement “due to circumstances 
litigation and has filed dozens of pleadings. Any issues regarding interference with the Executive 
IX. ADOPTION OF EARLIER PLEADINGS BY REFERENCE 
Email: pleading@royblack.com 
without coercion or bribery, during the normal back and forth of plea 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Thanks for letting us know about the possible meeting location change— please let us know once you've been able to 
ongoing, we will tell him that. If it has been completed, would you please send us any new reports and whatever 
names being released to the public. Please advise immediately if it appears as if our clients’ 
is necessary for the case to move forward, please advise prior to doing so, so that our clients 
Please let us know if you need any additional information at this time; otherwise, we look 
otherwise private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
As we start thinking about scheduling a next meeting with we were wondering if you could please let us 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are here, and we will 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any reason: gg 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
could schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let 
getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
Received, thank you Marty. Going forward, we would be grateful if you would please include all three of us on any emails 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
a For _ matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
social connections to secure a favorable plea deal, as well as provide proof of the Government's 
Epstcin’s lobbying efforts to persuade the Government to give him a more favorable plea 
political connections to lobby the Justice Department to obtain a more favorable plea deal. See, 
substantive pleading on the issue. Counsel for the victims asked the Government during the 
proposed order to that effect is attached to this pleading. 
convenient for you both, and I’m happy to ask the CSOs to allow you to retain your phones. Please let us know if that 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to Jj disc: 
rolling productions in response to the subpoena in connection with Jeffrey Epstein. Could you please let us know? 
Separately, | imagine—though of course please correct me if this is wrong—that for Mr. Epstein there was an individual 
accounts). Please let us know how we can best facilitate that kind of discussion with a knowledgeable person or 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
would also be happy to have a call to discuss next steps--please let us know if there are some times 
rolling productions in response to the subpoena in connection with Jeffrey Epstein. Could you please let us know? 
Separately, | imagine—though of course please correct me if this is wrong—that for Mr. Epstein there was an individual 
accounts). Please let us know how we can best facilitate that kind of discussion with a knowledgeable person or 
recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures. 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Guys, | filled in summaries for the interviews | attended. Would you please fill in the ones that you guys attended/know 
Please let us know if any additional information would be helpful, and we look forward to being in touch with you next 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to §j disc: 
Are either of you able to call my cell =r regarding Epstein as soon as possible, please? 
questions, or think it would be productive to schedule a call to discuss, please let us know. 
Please feel free to contact any of us if any questions or issues arise, and thank you again for your help. 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the 
If you have any questions, please call me. 
Thanks! Could you please send me the account opening/signature/KYC documents for the two accounts attached here? 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
Thanks very much. Could you please send us the account statements for a few months after these documents were 
If you have any question, please contact me. 
NSO8JE might be in Brunswick, Georgia (BOK). If you need confirmation of its location please advise. 
I’m retiring on September 30 and if you need additional assistance please contact my Supervisor; 
NSO8JE might be in Brunswick, Georgia (BQK). If you need confirmation of its location please advise. 
In addition, please be advised that the Government may call : om as a witness 
Please note that this letter and the information contained herein is governed by the July 31, 
this sooner rather than later. Please let us know if you have any questions or if a call would be useful. 
Attached please a discovery production in the above-referenced case and an accompanying cover letter. The password for 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
will be submitting a proposed schedule for penalty phase pleadings over the weekend. 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
will be submitting a proposed schedule for penalty phase pleadings over the weekend. 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this 
Can we discuss this today, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
over the next month. Please contact me with your proposal. We will need to make 
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
1) Could you please put together a photo array that includes [JP | think we may need it for interviews with J and 
3) I’m aware of the [J photos from the Florida house, but if you could please let us know if you seized any from the 
please let us know. 
documents than we would have expected. Can you please let us know exactly how many electronic devices (phones, 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
please? 
provided to compensate for the delay. Please understand that while we 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
a Yes, I will meet you outside 1SA at 11:30 today. If anything comes up, please feel free to give me a call at 
>> Would you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the 
Thanks again for the update and all of your help. Attached please find our MLAT request. Please let us know if you have 
| just received the below from Maxwell’s attorney. Would you please confirm that the MDC intends to comply with 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
You are directed to give Ms.Maxwell access to her laptop on weekends and holidays. Please comply 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
You are directed to give Ms.Maxwell access to her laptop on weekends and holidays. Please comply 
If vou have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
You are directed to give Ms.Maxwell access to her laptop on weekends and holidays. Please comply 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Would you please take a look at request number 6 below and figure out how to address it? | believe you may need to 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
$} 00001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
call in the coming days. Please let us know? 
The contents of this message may be privileged and confidential. If this message has been received in error, please delete 
it without reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended to waive any applicable privilege. Please do not 
we are missing please send them over, and if we have any outstanding subpoenas the AUSAs are hoping you can check in 
unit. If you could please connect with Andy to discuss this project, that would be great. I've spoken with him about 
what we're hoping to accomplish, so he can bring you up to speed, but if either of you have questions, please let us 
Please see the attached letter. 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
We just tried your office—please let us know if we should reschedule. Thanks. 
dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the 
dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the 
dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the 
We just tried your office—please let us know if we should reschedule. Thanks. 
dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the 
dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the 
And if you guys wouldn’t mind taking a quick look at both, too, please? Just to make sure | haven’t screwed any of this 
Would you please save these on the Epstein share drive and note them in the tracker? 
Please confirm the AUSA received the hard drive with the audio cassette transfers on Friday. 
Also, please have your staff back up the drive and archive as well. 
communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. 
distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If vou have received this communication in error, please 
or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the 
this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e- 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF] 
fy — Attached is the letter. Please let us know if there is anything you want to discuss. We plan to file in the morning. 
| understand your email, but in light of the inconsistent accounts of the surveillance video can you please make further 
Lastly, we are going to request a hearing on what happened to the surveillance video. Please let us know what your 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
to review the reports, please let us know. In that case, in light of earlier claims of privilege raised by Mr. Barket, we will 
20 and to find points of common ground and agreement. Please let us know by Spm tomorrow whether the attached 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact the FBI at 1- 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Jeffrey Epstein, please contact the FBI at 1-800-CALL FBI, and 
Do not reply to this message. If you have questions, please use the contacts in the 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Will, could you please create a folder for in the witnesses folder, save the attached with our 
please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us know, 
please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your client for a 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are here, 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to 
of your time at your convenience as I am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
Thanks, i : represented by Gloria Allred — could you please update VNS to make sure notifications go to 
Please keep us informed and notified of this case. 
lf you have received this communication in error, please notify sender immediately by re-sending 
enter the same email address used for this message). Please understand that if you elect to verify your email address 
if you need assistance with this process, please contact the VNS Help Desk at i — 4 
(VRRA), including notification of court events. For further details, please refer to Title 34 United States Code section 
heard at any public proceeding in the district court involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding; (5) The 
and with respect for the victim's dignity and privacy; (9) The right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain 
prosecutors of your views regarding any aspect of the case, please contact one of the prosecutors listed above or me at 
Please understand that these rights apply only to victims of the specific counts charged in federal court, and thus you 
receive ongoing notifications regarding this case, please contact me at fs 8 ees 
case, including relating to scheduling matters, please contact me at the phone number or email listed above. 
If you do not want to receive email notifications from the Victim Notification System (VNS) please log into the VNS Web 
If you believe you have received this email in error, please contact the office listed at top of the email message. 
Please note, if this is the first notification you have received from VNS you will need to wait 4-8 hours from receipt of 
Please call the Victim Notification System (VNS) Help Desk at phone number 1 for assistance and 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
case number 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). Please let them know how they can arrange for a pretrial interview with their client in 
If you need any additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
please? 
able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? 
If this is an urgent matter, please call the institution at yo ot and ask for the relevant department. 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF] 
please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it’s our understanding that hard drives with discovery 
That’s extremely helpful, thanks so much. We'll plan to put the drive in the mail tomorrow, and of course please let us 
please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it’s our understanding that hard drives with discovery 
Please anyone let me know if any issues? And thanks again to all for the quick fix. 
| think J is particularly swamped this week — can you please take the lead on whatever we’re going to do with this 
Please see attached conferral letter. 
received this transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original transmission and its 
That’s extremely helpful, thanks so much. We'll plan to put the drive in the mail tomorrow, and of course please let us 
please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it’s our understanding that hard drives with discovery 
sign for it). Per usual, if you could please take a look at it when you receive it, and then send on to PAE for processing and 
I am pretty sure NYC027913 is included with the items has. If not, please let me know. 
the most recent disc. Those folders are: NYCO24328, NYCO24366, and NYCO24392. Can you please let us know 
NYC024367 (row 62), and NYCO27910 (row 96). Please confirm that these were added, and also that we’re not 
Could you please confirm that | have those additions correct, and that I’m not missing any? And it looks like all of those 
NYC0O24395 — could you please let us know what that means? 
Attached please find the Government’s response to your August 9, 2020 letter. 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca please see the attached letter. Our firm is currently experiencing technical issues with 
our email system. If you would please kindly confirm receipt of this email and the attachment it would be greatly 
Please see attached conferral letter. 
PROHIBITED. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the 
GM could you please add this to the share and to the initial discovery production for Maxwell? Thanks. 
Please process the following: 
the Non-Prosecution Agreement in 2007. Please let me know if any of these names are unfamiliar to you or if you are 
Following up on our discussion last night, attached please find a revised draft protective order. As we discussed, although 
20 and to find points of common ground and agreement. Please let us know by 5pm tomorrow whether the attached 
Can you or one of your colleagues please urgently let me know if there are any legal issues that would 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and 
Many thanks{J._ Can you please let me know if there is a specific legal barrier to me — any of the 
Hello. Your email was forwarded to me by[J Please note that prosecutors in this office are not 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
protective order in the above-captioned case. Please let us know what time you are available today between 5:00 p.m. 
Additionally, also relating to the production of discovery, please mail, or otherwise have delivered, a 1 terabyte hard drive 
Can you or one of your colleagues please urgently let me know if there are any legal issues that would 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and 
Please be advised that the above list is limited to the individuals the Government may refer 
Please note that this letter and the information contained herein is governed by the July 31, 
Attached please find the accompanying cover letter and indices. The production will be made via USAfx. We will load and 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailing 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed indices, and the enclosed materials are 
Additionally, please note that many of the individuals referenced in this production are 
Attached please find a letter in response to the Court’s order yesterday regarding Minor Victim-3. The Government is not 
categories. Could you please fill those in after you've had a chance to enter all the data from the defense? I’m fine with 
categories. Could you please fill those in after you've had a chance to enter all the data from the defense? I’m fine with 
Attached please find a joint letter regarding prospective juror questionnaires. 
discussed, if you and the vendor believe a different order would be more efficient, please just let me know. 
ASAP so that we can review them, please. 
Thanks very much, as always for your help, and please do not hesitate to reach out if there are any questions or 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
Thanks for sending. For this account, could you please send us the account statements surrounding the 10/19/99 transfer 
addition, could you please let me know the bates range for the account documents for this account? I’m having difficulty 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
When you have a moment, could you please send me the signature card for the JP Morgan account ending in It’s 
IF SIGKATURES AR! BEHALF OF ENTITY ACCOUNTMOLDER, PLEASE SPECIFY NAME OF ENTITY 
which includes the changes we discussed on the phone, around 6:30. Please let me know if you have any issues or 
We now have a 5:45 call scheduled with the Times. Please let me know before then if there’s any other info | can share 
with them. I’m attaching a draft extension request letter here for review. Please let me know if this looks okay, or if we 
on. Could someone please give me a call at (I? | need to connect with the Times as soon as possible because 
delayed. For urgent VOC matters, please contact aw at rT | or Pee For any matter regarding a specific 
case, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case. 
| left you voicemail earlier this morning; please call back when you get a chance. 
I’m actually teleworking today, so please call my cell; thanks. 
prohibited. If you have rec 1S COMMunication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and 
attachments) is prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e 
Please see the attached Court subpoena. You can reach me at the below phone number or 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
Thanks for sending. For this account, could you please send us the account statements surrounding the 10/19/99 transfer 
addition, could you please let me know the bates range for the account documents for this account? I’m having difficulty 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
When you have a moment, could you please send me the signature card for the JP Morgan account ending in 5001? It’s 
Thank you for the e-mail. Just to confirm can you please review the below search and let me know that everything that is 
discussed, if you and the vendor believe a different order would be more efficient, please just let me know. 
ASAP so that we can review them, please. 
Thanks very much, as always for your help, and please do not hesitate to reach out if there are any questions or 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
password to be sent in a separate envelope to MDC). Please review at your convenience; once you approve, I'll have both 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Since you are both much closer to the discovery and the investigation, please feel free to edit as much as you would like. 
just to make sure we’re all on the same page, please? 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
assist your case preparation, please let us know. Please identify the specific requested evidence and the date by which it 
Trial Dates: If you have a trial or other specific deadline, please let us know so we can inform the UKCA and track your 
Filing MLA Requests: Please do not file with a court a copy of the attached completed MLA request. This has backfired 
in a number of cases in the past and poses substantial risks. (Please call if you are considering such a filing.) By contrast, 
Withdrawal of your request: Should you no longer need the evidence requested, such as in the event of a plea, please 
Enclosed please find a request for assistance concerning the above-referenced matter. 
Your assistance in this matter is greatly appreciated. Please do not hesitate to contact me at 
Accordingly, and pursuant to articles 4(3)(j) and 7 of the Treaty, please keep the contents of this 
please ensure that they are not shared with any persons (including the witness, the witness’s 
knowledge is not absolutely necessary for purposes of executing this request. In addition, please 
If this request cannot be executed without breaching such confidentiality, please notify U.S. 
enter into a cooperation agreement, plea agreement, immunity or non-prosecution agreement. 
1. Please provide a list of all dates of travel or visits to any of the following locations: 
2. For any dates provided for Question 1, please provide the following information: 
3. Please describe the history and nature of Prince Andrew’s relationship with Ghislaine 
4. Please describe the history and nature of Prince Andrew’s relationship with Jeffrey 
Please describe the history and nature of Prince Andrew’s relationship with ee | 
6. Please identify the approximate date(s) of any oral or written communications between 
For any communications identified in response to Question 6, please provide the 
c. Subject matter of the communications. Please be as detailed as possible. In 
particular, please describe any communications regarding the following topics: 
Please identify the approximate date(s) of any oral or written communications between 
9. For any communications identified in response to Question 8, please provide the 
Subject matter of the communications. Please be as detailed as possible. In 
particular, please describe any communications regarding the following topics: 
10. Please identify the approximate date(s) of any oral or written communications between 
For any communications identified in response to Question 10, please provide the 
. Please identify the approximately date(s) and locations of any meetings or other 
Please identify any payments made, in any form including by cash or in kind, to Prince 
and/or representative for Ghislaine Maxwell. Please include travel, lodging, or other 
Please identify any payments made, in any form including by cash or in kind, to 
. Please identify any payments made, in any form including by cash or in kind, to Prince 
and/or representative for Jeffrey Epstein. Please include travel, lodging, or other 
Please identify any payments made, in any form including by cash or in kind, to Jeffrey 
Please identify any payments made, in any form including by cash or in kind, to | 
Please identify any payments made, in any form including by cash or in kind, to any 
19. Please identify any sexual encounters and/or romantic relationships involving Prince 
Andrew and any female he met through Maxwell and/or Epstein. In particular, please 
20. Please provide any information, based on, among other things, any of the interactions or 
1. Please provide a list of all dates of travel or visits to any of the following locations: 
2. For any dates provided for Question 1, please provide the following information: 
3. Please identify the approximate date(s) of any oral or written communications between 
4. For any communications identified in response to Question 3, please provide the 
c. Subject matter of the communications. Please be as detailed as possible. 
5. Please identify any payments made, in any form including by cash or in kind, to Prince 
representative for Peter Nygard. Please include travel, lodging, or other expenses paid in 
. Please identify any payments made, in any form including by cash or in kind, to Peter 
Attached please find the prosecution memo for the Ghislaine Maxwell investigation. The team will be working 
plead guilty in Florida state court to soliciting minors for prostitution and to serve eighteen 
practice for federal plea agreements. This provision appears to have been added “with little 
promise as part of a plea bargain, both contract principles and due process require the federal 
In United States v. Annabi, the Second Circuit held: “A plea agreement binds only the 
office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it 
(2d Cir. 1985) (per curiam). This is something akin to a clear statement rule. Single-district plea 
Gonzalez, 93 F. App’x 268, 270 (2d Cir. 2004). Those are common shorthand. A plea 
Second Circuit precedent creates a strong presumption that a plea agreement binds only 
The cases Maxwell cites where courts held hearings on the scope of a plea agreement 
defendant to plead double jeopardy in a later prosecution based on the same events. United 
prevent surprise, and to interpose a plea of double jeopardy should he be prosecuted a second 
pleaded not guilty to trafficking underage girls for sex with former boyfriend 
ill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
that young females were on call to sexually pleasure Epstein. 
shorts, pulling body onto his already naked body. She said “please 
and submission for his pleasure and release. Even if | resisted, | was 
Please let us know if any additional information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
could you please let us know who that person will be? So far we’ve just gotten the request from one plaintiff's counsel, 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
above-described regulations. If you choose to submit a written request, please send it directly to 
Please contact me once you have had a chance to review this letter if you would like to 
Please Note: 
Please Note: 
mortgages or other obligations.) Please round fo the nearest whole daflar amount. 
Please provide the requested records by 5:30 p.m., August 26, 2019. 
Place: Please mail, email, or fax the requested records to Date and Time: 98/26/2019 5:30 pm 
Please note that Rule 17(c) (attached) provides that a subpoena for the production of certain information about a victim 
> Can you please help me report this. | think the vulnerable adults act covers this as | am disabled. Please let me know, 
Could you please withdraw our objection to the three highlighted jurors, and update the letter and the spreadsheet? 
categories. Could you please fill those in after you've had a chance to enter all the data from the defense? I’m fine with 
ae open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
PLEASE CONSIDER THE ENVIRONMENT BEFORE PRINTING THIS E-MAIL"**** 
Please provide an update to confirm if and when AT&T is needed for an appearance on the above case. 
that you have received this message in error, please notify the sender and delete this message immediately from your computer. Any 
Please see the attached letter regarding the Court’s pseudonym order. The Government respectfully submits this letter 
scans” folder. Would you please get us a scans of these without post-its on them? 
you please get us copies of those returns? 
please be able to get us these this week? 
including anything seized during any searches. Please produce to SDNY all of those scans, except any nude or 
partially nude images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such 
for review. Then please produce to SDNY a copy all of those materials, except any nude or partially nude images. 
For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such images were located, 
Please let me know if you have any questions or if it would be useful to hop on a call. 
Please find attached an extract from The Decision Procedure and Penalties manual (DEPP 7) from the Financial Conduct 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling jing 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling J 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
August, at 5:00 p.m. London time (12:00 noon New York time). Will that work on your end? If so, please feel free to send 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling || 
of some use. To provide additional information that may be helpful, attached please find a blank proffer agreement, 
which is our standard form agreement for proffer interviews, as you requested. Please note that in addition to the 
There is the possibility of a meeting on the 19"" March if you are able to come to London. Could you let me know please? 
Please let us know if you have any additional questions, and in particular whether any other information from us 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return 
> Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
case, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case. 
Attached please find two orders issued by Judge Nathan, which will be docketed tomorrow morning. 
Please confirm receipt. 
| know you’re traveling, but when you get a chance, could you please let me know if you ever received a subpoena return 
other returns for two other AT&T court subpoenas, though not this one. Please let me know when you can, thank you! 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [, please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
was recovered (similar to the chart you sent me for the USVI devices), please? Once | get that, | can put together the 
Could you please save these in the subpoena returns folder and also in a folder for the next discovery production? Thanks. 
Please process the following: 
a — Please send along contact information for the point of contact, and | will pass along to the appropriate folks on this 
Dear Counsel: Would you please let me know if you have any objection to my filing with the Court a copy of the attached 
Please find attached the Government's opposition to Oath Inc.’s motion to intervene for the limited purpose of obtaining 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Appreciate the courtesy. Please do not pass on our contact info. That said, feel free to contact us if anything 
As promised, attached please find a copy of the proffer agreement signed today. 
Appreciate the courtesy. Please do not pass on our contact info. That said, feel free to contact us if anything comes up in 
As promised, attached please find a copy of the proffer agreement signed today. 
Apologies, my prior email was missing some of the contact information for Epstein’s attorneys. Please disregard the prior 
Attached please find a revised subpoena with a corrected list of attorney phone numbers to exclude. 
In addition, please accept our written request for the e-mail correspondence of inmate Jeffrey Epstein (76318-054) from 
Attached please find a subpoena for recordings of Jeffrey Epstein’s phone calls, excluding any attorney calls. 
In addition to the materials requested in the enclosed subpoena, please accept our written request for the e-mail 
could receive the requested materials as soon as possible. As always, please feel free to call SM or me with any 
Please use this letter as authorization to transfer $14,200,000 (PSDYX and cash) from 
Also, please also complete the following transfers 
such forms accurately classify dividends and/or interest as tax exempt or taxable income. Please consult your : . 
such forms accurately classify dividends and/or interest as tax exernpt or taxable income. Please consult your 
about these objectives, disagree with them, or wish to change them, please contact your 
such forms accurately classify dividends and/or interest as tax exempt or taxable income. Please consult your 
about these objectives, disagree with them, or wish to change them, please contact your 
Withdrawals and fees, such forms accurately classify dividends and/or interest as tax exempt or taxable income. Please consult your 
about these objectives, disagree with them, or wish to change them, please contact your 
The estimated realized gains and losses shown below are not for tax purposes. Please note that gain or loss information. We may not adjust gains and losses for all capital changes. We automatically adjust cost basis for 
ordinary, and not capital, gain or loss. Please check with your tax advisor. To calculate gains and losses, we for securities issued at a discount. If you requested that UBS adjust cost basis for the bond premium amortization on 
such forms accurately classify dividends and/or interest as tax exempt or taxable income. Please consult your 
about these objectives, disagree with them, or wish to change them, please contact your 
about these objectives, disagree with them, or wish to change them, please contact your 
such forms accurately classify dividends and/or interest as tax exernpt or taxable income. Please consult your 
about these objectives, disagree with them, or wish to change them, please contact your 
such forms accurately classify dividends and/or interest as tax exempt or taxable income. Please consult your 
about these objectives, disagree with them, or wish to change them, please contact your 
Sent from my mobile device. Please excuse any brevity and mispellings. 
Again please note remarks concerning modeling allegations. 
Appreciate the courtesy. Please do not pass on our contact info. That said, feel free to contact us if anything comes up in 
As promised, attached please find a copy of the proffer agreement signed today. 
he's going to need to fly up to NY J). Please keep us posted as scheduling proceeds and, obviously, 
please let us know if and when you want to meet with him in advance of trial. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster(@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Attached please find the fully executed proffer agreement with the agent’s initials and my initials added. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
prepared, so if there is any more granularity on this topic (or any additional topic or topics), please let us know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Attached please find the signed proffer agreement. It was nice seeing everyone yesterday. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Not a problem at all -- I’ve added everyone to the calendar invitation. Please let us know if any other tech issues 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
he's going to need to fly up to NY{J Please keep us posted as scheduling proceeds and, obviously, 
please let us know if and when you want to meet with him in advance of trial. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Attached please find the fully executed proffer agreement with the agent’s initials and my initials added. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
prepared, so if there is any more granularity on this topic (or any additional topic or topics), please let us know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Attached please find the signed proffer agreement. It was nice seeing everyone yesterday. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Not a problem at all -- I’ve added everyone to the calendar invitation. Please let us know if any other tech issues 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
As always, please feel free to call with any comments or questions. 
As always, please feel free to call with any comments or questions. 
those records for IM? Please feel free to give me a call on this. 
would prefer to confer by email, would you please let us know your position? 
preparation. Would you please let us know whether you consent to the exclusion? 
Please Return This Portion With Your Payment Ser 
account and/or your wireless telephone number. Please review the local tax charges on your bill. If you believe 
there is an error in the local tax charge, please contact us immediately at 1 866 293-4634. Please note that some 
Please Send Correspondence To: 
Change of Address Only. Please print address clearly and check the box on the reverse side. Please contact Customer Care to change the 
If your billing address is NOT your Tax Address*, please enter the Tax Address below. (Multi-line accounts should attach a list of each wireless number and 
OF THESE GOVERNMENT PROGRAMS PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE : eee arab Le 400 MIN 0.00 
Thanks i. | never really dealt with I} QI, would you please take the lead on this? 
Or if you would prefer to confer by email, would you please let us know your position? 
the interests of justice to allow for trial preparation. Would you please let us know whether you consent to the 
Please see attached. 
Please remove inmate Epstein #763 18-054 from Suicide Watch and place him on Psychological 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Please find attached a memorandum endorsement signed by Judge Nathan, which has been filed on the public 
Please see the attached order regarding the trial date in this case. We’ll update you when we have more information. 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
Please note that this is an expedited request for a time-sensitive matter. 
of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. PLEASE PROVIDE IN ELECTRONIC 
Please provide the following information for open or closed individual, joint, or 
NOTE: When producing results for multiple accounts in electronic form, please produce 
Please include in your response related or affiliated accounts identified by name, address, Social 
executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. PLEASE PROVIDE IN 
suicide watch). Please let us know what you find out. 
Please be advised that we received he following report from the Bureau of Prisons MCC New York at 2115 hours on 
IX. ADOPTION OF EARLIER PLEADINGS BY REFERENCE ........cssessssseessssessssseesssueessseesee 63 
“{w]hen the express terms of a plea agreement set forth promises by ‘the Government,’ . . . the 
plea agreement binds only the office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea 
the plea agreement by transferring a prosecution to another office” (citing United States v. 
not be told anything ‘until after Epstein pleas.*” DE 361 at 5-6 (citing Exhibit 25) (emphasis 
defends-handling-epstein-plea-deal-amid-calls-resignation/. Indeed, the affidavit was part of the 
order for any provision in a plea agreement to be enforceable, “there must have been a valid, 
United States Attorney and the AUSAs who negotiated the plea agreement with San Pedro did not 
contains a limitation on a victim making “a motion to re-open a plea or sentence” (18 U.S.C. § 
the fact that the CVRA permits re-opening of pleas and sentences in some circumstances, fully 
required an objection during a “proceeding” as a prerequisite to re-opening a plea or sentence — 
court processes) and “plea” and “sentence” makes considerable sense. As this Court explained, 
an “NPA entered into without notice has a more damaging impact on victims than a plea agreement 
entered into without notice. When a plea agreement is entered into without notice, the victim will 
tried to assert an alleged “plea negotiation” privilege over various documents. After this Court 
During the hearing, victims’ counsel discussed what he understood to be a plea deal of 
As soon as they had an inkling about a secret plea deal, Jane Doe | and 2 filed an emergency 
Circuit has instructed that in order for any provision in a plea agreement to be enforceable, “there 
to raise a “collateral attack” on his state court guilty plea. Epstein Remedies Br. at 46. Of course, 
belated challenges to guilty pleas. See, e.g., Guzman-Aviles v. State, 226 So. 3d 339, 346 (Fla. 5th 
our procedure . . . .The impact is greatest when new grounds for setting aside guilty pleas are 
approved because the vast majority of criminal convictions result from such pleas. Moreover, the 
only rarely raised by a petition to set aside a guilty plea.”). But any collateral attack would 
pleadings, that Office grossly violated their rights under the Act. The fact that 
cases in which the issue is interpretation of a plea agreement. Of course, the Government must 
F.3d 807, 874 (11th Cir. 2011) (analyzing scope of government promises in a plea agreement). 
Government is bound by plea provisions is subject to qualifications. The key case on this point is 
general rule requiring governmental adherence to promises made during plea negotiations is 
There, the Seventh Circuit refused to enforce a provision in a plea agreement where “the parties’ 
that a court must follow the law when interpreting plea agreements. Indeed, numerous cases hold that 
People, 986 P.2d 951, 959-60 (Colo. 1999) (court cannot enforce a plea agreement that waives the 
mandatory parole period); State v. Garcia, 582 N.W.2d 879, 881-82 (Minn. 1998) (plea agreement 
State v. Wall, 348 N.C. 671, 675-76 (1998) (holding that court cannot enforce a plea agreement for 
Mazzone, 212 W.Va. 368, 374 (2002) (court would not enforce plea agreement that called for court to 
they stand for the proposition that “a court cannot enforce facially invalid plea agreements that contain 
specific performance of a plea agreement to receive a concurrent sentence, because “such action would 
specific performance of an illegal arrangement, explaining that “[a]lthough the plea bargain seemed 
confer. Indeed, in Ex parte Rich, the court refused to enforce the plea agreement “due to circumstances 
litigation and has filed dozens of pleadings. Any issues regarding interference with the Executive 
IX. ADOPTION OF EARLIER PLEADINGS BY REFERENCE 
| assume the AG and DAG will want to discuss matters related to Epstein and the MCC on Friday. Please let me know if 
sure whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by return e-mail and destroy any copies--electronic, paper or otherwise--which you may have of this 
communication in error or are not sure whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
and we will not speak to any of the guards present given the ongoing investigations. Please give me a call with any 
and we will not speak to any of the guards present given the ongoing investigations. Please give me a call with any 
> Per our phone conversation please send us a statement (press release) on the recent Task Force raid on LSJ. We also had a 
Attached please find my completed form. The USAO number for the portion of the case that | worked on is 2018R01618. 
Please let me know if you need anything else. 
Please note and preserve whatever you have about Mr. Epstein, not limited to his death and to the earlier reported 
incident in which he suffered physical injuries. In addition, to the extent possible, please avoid altering any relevant 
records. If you need to use existing documents, please save what you’re working off of as a new document so that the 
All — Please see below and follow instructions. Additionally, if you believe there are others at SDNY to whom this 
email should be sent, please let me know immediately. 
Please forward this to everyone who might have any documents relating to the Epstein suicide, and cc me: 
Please make sure to preserve any documents you may have relating to Epstein’s conditions of confinement. 
e —= If you have any hard-copy notes, please scan them and send them to me. If you have none, let me know 
e Most particularly, please check to see if you have texted anything pertinent. If so let me know, one way 
Hi RMP, Please see the attached ECC request package for AUSA 
If required, please inform the traveler how to determine who the POC is for this trip. 
Please advise the traveler of any additional steps they may need take. 
Hi QM. Please let EOUSA know if you have checked to see if a visa is required for your destination. 
watch). Please let us know what you find out. 
Please be advised that we received he following report from the Bureau of Prisons MCC New York at 2115 hours on 
regardless of address or routing, is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the 
the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this message and any attachment from 
1018/2005 Drug Trak Intelligence Management Systens - Institute of I'olce Technology and Management + Jacksoanille, Pleada 
from him next week and will forward directly to you. Thank you and please contact me with any questions. Have a great 
Thank you again for the call this afternoon. Attached is the subpoena we discussed. Please feel free to give me a call if 
| have attached the name change from Delaware in this email. if you have any questions please call 
| have attached the name change from Delaware in this email. if you have any questions please call. 
We will send another Fed-Ex today. Please be sure to have the forms sent back through our office, since we have 
oty es Lisa please fwd the forms needed and I'll get them filled out to you oe 
| have attached the name change from Delaware in this email. if you have any questions please call, 
PLEASE SEND ORIGINAL TO AIC TITLE SERVICE, LLC 
PLEASE SEND ORIGINAL TO AIC TITLE SERVICE, LLC 
Please advise how the registration forms should be filled out to reflect the name change. 
Enclosed please find FAA form 8050-1 (Application for Aircraft 
Enclosed please find the forms you requested, in reference to your name change. 
Please give me your authority to file with the FAA, on Monday morning, the (2) aircraft 
Please process the name change documents and return Certificates of Registration 
documents to be unacceptable for recordation or not needed for FAA records, please return 
Please let me know if you would like these sent via mail or overnight courier & the best address to use. 
a. you please authorize me to put the Fed-Ex fees/on your mastercard that we used for the FAA transaction? 
Please fedex with saturday delivery to my Fla home; 
Please let me know if you would like these sent via mail or overnight courier & the best address 
(Please use additional sheets if additional space is required) 
(Please use additional sheets if additional space is required) 
40102(a)(15) please attach an additional sheet for explanation to substantiate that the LLC qualifies as a citizen 
Agent, Escrow Agent shall be entitled to interplead any funds or other items in its possession with the competent 
shall be entitled to interplead any funds or other items in its possession with the competent courts of the State of Oklahoma 
CO Other. Please describe: 
Diother. Please describe: 
If signing electronically, please acknowledge the following: 
Name (Please Print) Richard Munkvold 
TITLE (Please Print) Chief Financia! Officer 
(Please use additional sheets if additional space is required) 
(Please use additional sheets if additional space is required) 
40102(a)(15) please attach an additional sheet for explanation to substantiate that the LLC qualifies as a citizen 
PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: 
PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: 
Please click CONTINUE to view the transaction. 
If the button link above does not work, please click the URL below, or copy and paste it into your browser 
At your convenience, can you please return a copy of the APA with your executed Consent and Joinder? 
For queries, please contact the International Registry helpdesk at: 
Please login to the International Registry and select the ‘Register’ option to review the request and verify if it should be 
For queries, please contact the International Registry helpdesk at: 
Please let me know. 
For queries, please contact the International Registry helpdesk at: 
Please respond to this email confirming your: 
For full details on your duties and powers as the Back-Up Contact, please refer to the Regulations and Procedures of the International 
Please contact i Z—Z—ES with any questions. 
Please contact us immediately if any of the above is incorrect. 
Please refer to our Privacy Policy as set-out on our web site at the link provided below. 
LLC please contact us by email or phone. Contact details are available on our web site. 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the message 
For more information please visit http://www.symanteccloud.com 
shall be entitled to interplead any funds or other items in its possession with the competent courts of the State of Oklahoma 
shall be entitled to interplead any funds or other items in its possession with the competent courts of the State of Oklahoma 
shall be entitled to interplead any funds or other items in its possession with the competent courts of the State of Oklahoma 
shall be entitled to interplead any funds or other items in its possession with the competent courts of the State of Oklahoma 
(Please use additional sheets if additional space is required) 
(Please use additional sheets if additional space is required) 
40102(a)(15) please attach an additional sheet for explanation to substantiate that the LLC qualifies as a citizen 
PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: 
Please see the attached Motion to Stay filed with the Second Circuit by Maxwell’s counsel today. | will be responding to 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF] 
This series of pleadings concerns Plaintiff's attempt to compel Ms. Maxwell to answer 
any DE 143 related pleading. 
These pleadings concern what should have been a straightforward request by Plaintiff to 
many other pleadings in this case. This exhibit should remain sealed for the reasons discussed in 
These pleadings relate to Plaintiff's request for additional time to complete the depositions 
referenced in her pleadings related to her request for more depositions. Generally, the DEs 
The pleadings related to DE 164 concern discovery related to a waiver of Plaintiff's 
The Pleadings related to DE 230 concern the reopening of Plaintiff's deposition. 
Please provide us with an accurate record of the statements made by The US Attorney and/or the DOJ/FBI 
advise the Duke to proceed with any voluntary co-operation. Please confirm that the DOJ will not be making any 
We write to follow up on our phone conversation of a week ago. Could you please advise regarding status, in 
speak with us? And of course please let us know if any additional information would be useful to you. 
Please forward dial in details. 
Please confirm whether you would be available for a preliminary telephone call on Friday 10th January 2020. 
| would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. 
Duke of York. Could you please advise whether that is correct? We — my colleagues 
GE and | — can be reached anytime at these email addresses, or please let us know if you would prefer 
Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Attached please find a courtesy copy of today’s ECF filing. 
My plan is still to file our letter in support of a stay as is this evening. Please let me know if anyone would like to discuss 
Thank you for your reply. Can you please provide a time frame regarding further response/access to report. | just need to 
Thanks for reaching out about this report. I have consulted with my leadership and we will reply. Please let me know if you 
| am attempting to get a copy of Jeffrey Epstein’s final suicide reconstruction report for requesting AUSAs. Can you please 
Can you please direct me to the appropriate POC at the Central Office regarding report? | am trying to run this down for 
negotiations. To facilitate discussion of next steps, attached please find the full collection of defense submissions we have 
Below please find our responses. 
of all 1.2 million documents with the specific Subject Device indicated, please let me know, and | will ask one of 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
Attached please find a letter motion to file a reply in support of the Government’s motion to preclude the testimony of Dr. 
Please inform me when it arrives. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please inform me when it arrives. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Would you please process this as a civilian complaint? 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that, upon the accompanying memorandum of law and 
. Please provide the full names and full birthdays of the individuals identified in the 
Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly met 
Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly 
Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Jeffrey Epstein allegedly 
Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly “was 
Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Minor Victim-1 participated in 
Please describe with particularity the conduct that the government contends is a 
Please describe with particularity how Ms. Maxwell allegedly “involved” Minor 
Please identify the dates when Minor Victim-1 allegedly traveled “across state lines 
. Please identify the dates when Ms. Maxwell allegedly enticed Minor Victim-1 “to 
. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly met 
. Please identify the dates when Minor Victim-2 allegedly traveled across state lines to 
. Please identify the dates when Ms. Maxwell allegedly “groomed” Minor Victim-2 to 
. Please describe with particularity what Ms. Maxwell allegedly did as part of the 
. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly met 
. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly 
. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly 
. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Jeffrey Epstein allegedly 
. Please describe with particularity the “sex acts” that Minor Victim-3 allegedly 
Please identify the dates when Minor Victim-3 allegedly traveled in interstate or 
Please specify when the conspiracies charged in Count One and Count Three began 
Please identify the “others” who allegedly participated in the conspiracies charged in 
Please identify any individuals who were enticed to travel, or were transported, in 
Please identify the dates when, and the locations where, Ms. Maxwell participated in 
Please describe with particularity the conduct that the government believes constitutes 
Please identify who allegedly enticed Minor Victim-1 to travel from Florida to New 
27. Please identify from whom Ms. Maxwell was allegedly trying to “conceal her crimes” 
28. Please identify “the specific events and acts of abuse” about which Ms. Maxwell 
Superseding Indictment please specify why the Government contends the statement 
NPA required Epstein to plead guilty in state court to the then-pending state indictment against 
The signing of the NPA did not immediately lead to Epstein’s guilty plea and incarceration, 
sentence by pleading guilty in state court to “two prostitution charges.” According to the Miami 
' See, e.g., Ashley Collman, “Stunning new report details Trump's labor secretary’s role in plea deal for 
Secretary's role in unusual plea deal for billionaire accused of sexual abuse,” NBC Nightly News, Nov. 29, 2018; Anita 
Jeffrey Epstein’s plea deal,” Miami Herald, Dec. 6, 2018. 
examined extensive publicly available information, including depositions, pleadings, orders, and 
when Epstein entered his guilty plea under the NPA, did not affect the subjects’ actions prior to 
relating to the USAO’s investigation of Epstein, the NPA, and Epstein’s guilty plea. As a result, 
investigation focuses on Epstein’s state plea agreement and the Palm Beach County work release program. 
of criminal charges, (3) deferred or non-prosecution agreements, (4) plea agreements, (5) grants 
investigation of Epstein through a state-based plea and either developed or approved the terms of 
whether to notify victims about the state’s plea hearing pursuant to the state’s own victim’s rights 
investigation about the state plea hearing. His decision left victims uninformed about an important 
guilty plea in state court; and, finally, efforts by the AUSA to ensure Epstein’s compliance with 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss this further. 
Hi MMM. Please see our proposed letter, which I understand you would like to review, as well as 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss this further. 
Would one of you please save the attached in the testifying witness 3500 folder and the witness folder for Larry Visoski on 
Please treat this as confidential settlement material provided on the same terms as our submission (i.e. FOIA Confidential 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
Please find attached an Opinion & Order regarding the Defendant's renewed motion for bail. The Court has ordered that it 
Please find enclosed a request from France for legal assistance in a foreign criminal 
for execution because your office is pursuing a related investigation. Please note that this matter 
entity to produce the records. A sample pleading is available upon request. 
Please provide me with the name and telephone number of the AUSA to whom this 
If such considerations arise with respect to this request, please contact me as soon as possible to 
Please keep me apprised of the progress made in executing this request. I will serve as 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Also happy to have a call if that’s easier, or if there’s someone else we should reach out to, please let me know. 
Please provide a response by 10:00 am tomorrow Wednesday. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
> Please promptly provide an explanation and inform me when Ms. Maxwell 
> Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
> If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Attached please find the Government’s reply in support of its motions in /imine in the above-captioned case. Pursuant to 
logistics. Please let me know if you need any other information. 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
| would also like a list of the inmates that were on that tier on August 9th, 2019. Also, please provide the information of 
Please advise the quickest way to accomplish this. 
| just called your office and it looks like you're on another call. Please feel free to call my cell (i) whenever 
| spoke to Mr. I. Please give me a call when you have a moment. Thank you. 
solely of the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify 
Yes. | am available now if you have a moment. If so, please call me. 
solely of the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify 
solely of the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify 
Maxwell trial. In the interim, please do not hesitate to be in touch with us if any questions or issues arise, and as you 
mentioned, it would be helpful if you could please let us know if he receives any subpoenas or other legal process or 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
discuss. Or if that timing doesn't work on your side, please let us know -- we're flexible on timing, especially 
young females and took pleasure in corrupting vulnerable young females into engaging in sexual 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
Please let us know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
ask that you please not identify yourself by your name or identify anyone you are associated with 
will leave you to it. First, read all of the directions in the questionnaire. Second, please enter 
indicated, please check the space for yes or no or unsure and, as requested, provide answers, 
Please answer every question. If you don’t understand a question, please write, | don’t 
understand. If you don’t know the answer to a question, write I don’t know. Please do not write 
Please don’t leave the room while you are completing the questionnaire. If you need to 
use the restroom, please hand the questionnaire to one of the members of the Jury Department 
Please do not discuss the questions or your answers with anyone, including your fellow 
Please see the attached subpoena. Thanks. 
Following up on this, could you please let us know the status of our request for flight manifests? Thanks very much for 
Please promptly provide an explanation and inform me when Ms. Maxwell will receive these deliveries. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
If you have any questions or would like to discuss further, please do not hesitate to 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailing 
these materials. Please note that the records stamped 3501.507 through 3501.516 were previously 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed indices, and the enclosed materials are 
Additionally, please note that many of the individuals referenced in this production are 
a recent request, can we please review your notes from inmates in the SHU on the date of the attempted suicide to 
Please let me know if any questions at all, apologies again for any inconvenience, and thanks as always. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, IJ and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Final voucher ae ::.: been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Final voucher 11061409-1(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Attached hereto please find a Unsealing Order. Once the Order is signed can you please email us a copy back. 
If you need anything else please let us know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail 
Attached please find the signed proffer agreement. It was nice seeing everyone yesterday. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail 
Not a problem at all -- I've added everyone to the calendar invitation. Please let us know if any other tech issues crop up, 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
to reserve, please let me know your preferred options and I'll book them ASAP. Thanks. 
Would you please help us book travel to Pensacola, FL and back for next week? I'd like refundable tickets for the following 
flights, please: 
Please make sure the tickets are refundable just in case we need to move things around. We are still waiting to hear back 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), IMJ and | would like to please 
element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, Sweden, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission 
room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next week 
on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately three 
room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, JJ and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please let me know if you would like me to reserve this flight instead and I'll continue with your reservation. Thanks as 
GE, if you could please book me on the following flights: 
Please let us know if any questions or issues, and thanks as always. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), Ij and | would like to please 
element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we’d like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, IJ and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
If | happen to have stepped away from my desk when you call, please feel free to try my cell -- 
Please let us know if you have any additional questions, and in particular whether any other information from us 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA [EE for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
different young females a day for his sexual pleasure. 
charge pleading guilty to a single Florida state law charge of procuring a minor for prostitution 
pleading. 
Final voucher 11062816(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
To submit a complaint to the NYC TLC, please call 311. 
To submit a complaint to the NYC TLC, please call 311. 
PLEASE RETAIN FOR VOUCHERING OR 
*******TOQ BOOK RESERVATIONS ONLINE PLEASE VISIT******* 
PLEASE CALL LOCAL OFFICE DURING NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS 
****]F INTERNATIONAL 800 NUMBER DOES NOT WORK PLEASE*** 
PLEASE VISIT WWW.CARLSONWAGONLIT.COM/AIRLINEBAGGAGEFEES 
Final voucher 11061409-1(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
es you ox time to speak today around Ipm (PST)? Please let me know. 
Following up on the below — please let us know? Thanks very much. 
are not looking to pressure anyone, at all. Please let us know if it makes sense to chat, and if so, what time ranges 
We wanted to follow up on this from last month. Please let us know? (And obviously we're past late July now, 
Please let us know if you would like to speak with our client. We are happy to facilitate this 
Maxwell from 2003-2007. Please see attached. 
Please let us know if you have any questions. 
Great. Tomorrow at 12PM PST/3PM EST works. Please call our conference line a 
I can give you a call at 3:00 p.m. tomorrow (Thursday). Please let me know what number is best to 
Wonderful, . Lam available tomorrow through Friday from 1PM-3PM EST. Please let me 
We would be happy to set up a call to speak with you and receive the new information—please let us 
Please let us know if you would like to speak with us over the phone or set up interviews 
Great. Please call our conference line ‘iii. You should receive an invitation 
Yes, we can do Wednesday at 12:30 p.m. PST (3:30 p.m. EST). Please let us know the best 
11:00 a.m. PST (2:00 p.m. EST). Please let us know the best number to reach you at, and 
Please let me know if any of these times work for you. 
interview of the individual him- or herself. Please let us know when a good time would be 
party to allow our client to make a statement. Please let me know how to proceed. 
law. Lf you received this e-mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please 
notify us immedsately of the error by return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your 
If you received this e-mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us 
immediately of the error by return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank 
you received this e-mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, dastmbution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us 
immediately of the error by return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in 
received this e-mail im error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notly us immediately of 
the error by return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your 
received this e-mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the 
error by return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you im advance for your 
this e-mail im error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notafy us immediately of the error by 
return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return e-mail 
and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please nowfy us immediately of the error by return e-mail and 
please delete this message and any and all duplicates of thes message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Please do not send mail or attempt service at our physical office. 
otherwise private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately 
Attorneys and staff continue to be available via videoconference, email, telephone, and fax. Please do 
private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the 
Attorneys and staff continue to be available via videoconference, email, telephone, and fax. Please do not 
private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the 
Attorneys and staff continue to be available via videoconference, email, telephone, and fax. Please do not 
private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the 
continue to be available via videoconference, email, telephone, and fax. Please do not send mail or attempt 
information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original. Any 
In follow up to our previous communications, please accept this as our formal written request for 
§ 16.21 et seq. Should you find there to be any deficiencies within this request, please notify us 
already known by the prosecutors in the Southern District of New York, please contact us at your earliest 
Please contact us at your earliest convenience to discuss the identity of JJ in more detail, at which 
If we can get the FBI to either send us the data again with these corrections applied that would be great. Please let me 
Final voucher Ss has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please see annexed for your information. 
received this message in error, or are not the intended recipient, please notify us immediately and 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Final voucher 10621156(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Would one of you please save the attached as TW 3500 a 
Per this Court's Order at Dkt. No. 477, please see the attached Memorandum Opinion & Order. 
Please confirm receipt. 
> please find Minor Victim 3’s Letter Motion to Quash Defendant’s Rule 17 Subpoena to mia 
Please see attached. 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. 
testifying witness material and exhibits are also ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter 
Please let us know if you would like to pick up the drive today or if you would like us to FedEx it (and if so, to where). 
Please let us know if you would like us to send today via FedEx a hard drive with these materials to Ms. Maxwell at the 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailing 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed index, and the enclosed materials are govemed 
Please refer to Dkt. No. 474 for instructions as to filing the redacted letter on the public docket. 
Attached please find Ms. Maxwell’s response to the government’s letter, dated November 11, 2021, regarding the self- 
guidance is being provided in advance of the trial to ensure efficient communications. Please take careful note. 
Please also note that all case filings in U.S. v. Maxwell are available in the Court’s electronic filing system; we 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS 
maybe we could meet up in person at 1StA’s around 3:30/3:45 to speak before the meeting? If so, please let me know 
Friday, July 2. Please let me know if you foresee any issues with that date. 
Please also let me know if you need anything else from me in terms of the processes we discussed yesterday. We are 
working with BOP to finalize the production, but please let me know if | should take steps beyond that (e.g., letting 
letter, which includes the changes we discussed on the phone, around 6:30. Please let me know if you have any issues 
We now have a 5:45 call scheduled with the Times. Please let me know before then if there’s any other info | can share 
with them. I’m attaching a draft extension request letter here for review. Please let me know if this looks okay, or if we 
going on. Could someone please give me a call at I? | need to connect with the Times as soon as possible 
nd QM? Please let us know if there is anything we need to discuss or follow up on at this stage. 
OCME asked whether we could send them a copy of the redacted autopsy report. Could you please send me a copy of it 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
UMR and with i and J? Please let us know if there is anything we need to discuss or follow up on at this stage. 
OCME asked whether we could send them a copy of the redacted autopsy report. Could you please send me a copy of it 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
UMR and wit nd BP Please let us know if there is anything we need to discuss or follow up on at this stage. 
OCME asked whether we could send them a copy of the redacted autopsy report. Could you please send me a copy of it 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
The bus carried a large picture of the prince accompanied by the message -- “If you see this man please ask him to call 
i you see tes eva please asik Pet fo CBs 
Revised draft attached. == please let us know once you've decided what you'd like to do about the order around 
STACEY RICHMAN <>. | am going to confirm BOP has these, but please let me know if there is 
Hi, | am enclosing a FOIA request, below. Please let me know if | can be of any help in explaining this 
of the request needs to be processed by another agency, please inform me which agency that is and 
Please contact me if | may assist in your office's response to this request. 
Hi, | am enclosing a FOIA request, below. Please let me know if | can be of any help in explaining this 
of the request needs to be processed by another agency, please inform me which agency that is and 
Please contact me if | may assist in your office's response to this request. 
Hi, Lam enclosing a FOIA request, below. Please Iet me know if 1 can be of 
request needs to be processed by another agency, please inform me which 
Please contact me if 1 may assist in your office's response to this request. 
Please note, exemption (b)(7)(A) is a temporary exemption utilized to protect active and 
If you have questions about this response please feel free to contact me at 
If you would like to discuss how to make your request less burdensome, please feel free 
number and forwarded to the processing office noted below. Please make a note of the request number 
N9O8JE might be in Brunswick, Georgia (BQK). If you need confirmation of its location please advise. 
Please confirm IMMEDIATELY the status of these items on your end. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender 
Attached please find an Order issued by Judge Nathan. It will be filed on the public docket on Monday morning. 
Please confirm receipt. 
opposition, and the defendant’s omnibus reply. Below are our notes on which exhibits should be sealed. Please let us 
Please send me the next batch when you have them ready. 
Please let us know if you would like us to add any redactions to these versions, and we'll get them filed. With respect to 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you today. Attached please find the accompanying cover 
please send the notes and the documents she provided? | don’t believe we have them. 
Also can you please send the notes of the 8/15/06 interview of MM? The 302 is attached. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please provide a response by 10:00 am tomorrow Wednesday. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Please promptly provide an explanation and inform me when Ms. Maxwell 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Could you please let us know what dates this week would work for the meeting? We are scheduling this with defense 
describes voluntary dismissals made either before the defendant files i responsive pleading or on 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
please. 
Please find attached a memo endorsement signed by Judge Nathan, which will be filed under seal. 
Pursuant to Judge Nathan’s September 15, 2020 memo endorsement order, attached please find a supplemental letter, 
Please find attached a memo endorsement signed by Judge Nathan, which will temporarily remain under seal. Please 
Attached for Judge Nathan’s consideration please find a letter pursuant to Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 16(d)(1), 
Would you please create a testifying witness folder for MG and save the two attached pdfs in the relevant 
Please let me know if you are able to locate the transcript. 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
If you are missing any productions, please have J contact me and | will provide it to him. 
Will, when | get the email with the info about how to download the file, I'll forward it to you. Would you please download 
you have any questions, please contact our office a 
in. If you have any questions, please contact our office at 
Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law. Most written communications to or from state officials 
Will, when | get the email with the info about how to download the file, I'll forward it to you. Would you please download 
you have any questions, please contact our office a 
call please? 
For that database, would you please help us create the below tags? 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. 
check out the batches as you see fit. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
For that database, would you please help us create the below tags? 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. 
discuss. Or if that timing doesn't work on your side, please let us know -- we're flexible on timing, especially 
I’m happy to have a call to discuss further, and please let me know if there is someone else in your office | should speak 
Please let us know if we can assist further. 
locating a copy of the transcript off civil deposition. lf you haven’t been able to locate it, could you please 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
23 . So, move on, please. 
6 don't know. Ask me the question again, please. 
| just a second, please. 
Please take notice that on Friday, the 4th of 
furnished to you through your counsel. Please read 
Please forward the original signed errata sheet to 
5. Please provide the name, address, telephone number, place of employment and 
knowledge or information pertaining to any fact alleged in the pleadings (as 
Please refer to #5 above and #16 below. 
5. Please provide the name, address, telephone number, place of employment and 
knowledge or information pertaining to any fact alleged in the pleadings (as 
Please state the specific nature and substance of the knowledge that you believe 
Please see answer to Interrogatory #5 
Please state each item of damage that you claim, and include in your answer: the 
-14. Please state if you (or parents or guardian on your behalf) have ever been a 
Please list each time you were interviewed by any state or federal law 
Please describe any statements made to you by any federal or state law 
At the request of Laura A. Menninger, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Notice of Appeal that has been sent via 
under seal and contemporaneously submits her proposed redactions to that pleading.! 
e Yes, please send over the copy of the gj transcript disc when you can. 
e Yes, please get us the paper evidence from NY, VI, and Reiter as soon as you can. 
which they conduct data extractions. We need that for all of the extractions in this case, please (It may not be 
through for J so she can see it. If not, please let me know. 
scans” folder. Would you please get us a scans of these without post-its on them? 
Would you please get us copies of those returns? 
please be able to get us these this week? 
scanned, including anything seized during any searches. Please produce to SDNY all of those scans, except any 
nude or partially nude images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how 
for review. Then please produce to SDNY a copy all of those materials, except any nude or partially nude 
images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such images were 
Please let me know if you have any questions or if it would be useful to hop on a call. 
GS — Can we please jump on a call this afternoon to discuss? As you can see, we have only until Monday to respond. 
Attached please find a memo endorsement from Judge Karas. 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
| hope all is well. Can you please bring this letter to the attention of the judge? Note that | copied the lawyer for the MCC 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
That’s what !| figured. Thanks! Now that they are all good to go would you please export both Deutsche Bank and 
The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
The data is probably secured for privilege review. Please let me know if these documents are not supposed to be 
Please review the documents and let me know if anything needs to be adjusted with the production. 
| know you want to produce these documents can you please tell me the following: 
Also please note that once the documents have been loaded to Relativity there is no way to run any searches for 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
The zip files have been copied to the below location. Please let me know if there are any issues with the data in the zip 
That’s what ! figured. Thanks! Now that they are all good to go would you please export both Deutsche Bank and 
The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
The data is probably secured for privilege review. Please let me know if these documents are not supposed to be 
Please review the documents and let me know if anything needs to be adjusted with the production. 
| know you want to produce these documents can you please tell me the following: 
4. Also please note that once the documents have been loaded to Relativity there is no way to run any searches for 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
reference, attached are the cover letters. Would you (or someone at the MDC) please keep an eye out for this and make 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail 
verification is required please request a hard-copy version. 
Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-maal by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, whoch arse as a result of e-maal transmassion. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version 
Please nouly the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-maal from your system. E-rnail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-maal transmassion. If venficabon is required please request a hard-copy version 
Please notily the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-maal transmussion. If venficabon is required please request a hard-copy version 
useful to discuss, please let us know. 
Please nouly the sender immediately by email if you have reces mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be gu 
the contents of this message, which arse as a resull of e-mail transmassion. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version 
Please notly the sender immediately by e-mail if you have rec 
the contents of this message, whach arse as a resull of e-mail transmassion. If venficabon is required please request a hard-copy version 
Please nouly the sender immediately by email if you have recerved this e-maal by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, whach arse as a result of e-mail transmassion. If venficabon is required please request a hard-copy version 
Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-maal by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-rnail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or 
the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmassion. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. 
Please let us know the earliest date that these materials can be made available. 
| understand that some number of the devices are ready to come to us as early as today or tomorrow. Could you please 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [, please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline - 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
| understand that some number of the devices are ready to come to us as early as today or tomorrow. Could you please 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [J please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
in. If you have any questions, please contact our office at 
At the request of Adam Mueller, please see attached the Unredacted version of Ms. Maxwell’s Opening Brief and the 
Sealed Appendix Vol. 2 in the above referenced matter. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. 
Please let me know if you are able to locate the transcript. 
the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please 
With apologies for the delay, attached please find our response to your recent discovery request. We are also producing 
please send us a scrubbed and updated spreadsheet, so we can match up everything we’re working with, that would be 
Thanks [. Can we schedule a call to discuss, please? 
Epstein. | am attaching a letter to assist you with that process. Please feel free to give me a call if you have any 
Pursuant to Fed. R. Crim. P. 16, please provide the following information and 
If you have any questions or concerns about the foregoing, please give me a call. 
Please decline for me. 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or ce ee a | 
Jeffrey Epstein a favorable plea deal in 2007. The documents were unsealed in a civil case brought am 
an Epstein victim, against Ghislaine Maxwell, his alleged madam. Please email or call me on 
use. To provide additional information that may be helpful, attached please find a blank proffer agreement, which is our 
standard form agreement for proffer interviews, as you requested. Please note that in addition to the provisions | briefly 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling 
Please feel free to send your conference number, and we'll look forward to speaking with you on Monday. 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
On that basis can we arrange a call for Monday 27th July? Please suggest a time that would be convenient for 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
Please inform us as soon as possible if you are amenable to this proposal. If so, we are prepared to schedule a call at 
must please stay in contact with us to check hearing dates and deadlines until we have confirmation 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
must please stay in contact with us to check hearing dates and deadlines until we have confirmation 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
must please stay in contact with us to check hearing dates and deadlines until we have confirmation 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
must please stay in contact with us to check hearing dates and deadlines until we have confirmation 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
Please inform us as soon as possible if you are amenable to this proposal. If so, we are prepared to schedule a call at your 
must please stay in contact with us to check hearing dates and deadlines until we have confirmation 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling J 
must please stay in contact with us to check hearing dates and deadlines until we have confirmation 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
must please stay in contact with us to check hearing dates and deadlines until we have confirmation 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
must please stay in contact with us to check hearing dates and deadlines until we have confirmation 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling <4 
[1] Please confirm that any communications between us, with a view to providing the DOJ with a voluntary 
[2] Please provide confirmation (given the reports of connections between the DOJ and US lawyers acting on 
must please stay in contact with us to check hearing dates and deadlines until we have confirmation 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
commitments. Please advise as to whether Prince Andrew will agree to be interviewed and, if so, when such interview 
confidential process. Please confirm that any further communications in connection with the requested 
Please provide us with an accurate record of the statements made by The US Attorney and/or the DOJ/FBI 
advise the Duke to proceed with any voluntary co-operation. Please confirm that the DOJ will not be making any 
We write to follow up on our phone conversation of a week ago. Could you please advise regarding status, in 
speak with us? And of course please let us know if any additional information would be useful to you. 
Please forward dial in details. 
Please confirm whether you would be available for a preliminary telephone call on Friday 10th January 2020. 
| would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. 
Duke of York. Could you please advise whether that is correct? We — my colleagues A, EE 
GE and | — can be reached anytime at these email addresses, or please let us know if you would prefer 
Please forward dial in details. 
Please confirm whether you would be available for a preliminary telephone call on Friday LOth January 2020. 
| would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. 
Could you please advise whether that is correct? We — my colleagues A, ES and | — can be 
reached anytime at these email addresses, or please let us know if you would prefer to set up a time to discuss via 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling Jj 
COVID-19 — Please see our websiteherefor our updated position in relation to Coronavirus. 
In the meantime if you need to speak to one of our lawyers, please leave a voicemail by dialling = 
use. To provide additional information that may be helpful, attached please find a blank proffer agreement, which is our 
standard form agreement for proffer interviews, as you requested. Please note that in addition to the provisions | briefly 
Please be advise that Alaska Airlines has no responsive records for the above mentioned subpoena, 
Further to our email below, attached please find the second .zip folder, containing four individual corrected documents. 
security tent, please let them know you're here to see me—they’ll give me a call and I'll come down to meet you. 
We are set to be there this Friday. Please let me know what time you want to start and where we should go. 
Thanks, that sounds like a plan. Could you please send me the information below for J travel? 
videoconference shortly. Please let us know if you have any tech issues/questions about WebEx. 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
to view her status as we’ve previously conveyed, and please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
please let us know, we’re happy to be flexible. 
you could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (I). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when 
Since we will be — please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer 
later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let 
am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
United States v. Annabi that “[a] plea agreement binds only the office of the United States 
Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it affirmatively appears that the 
Epstein’s NPA is not enough to overcome the presumption in favor of single-district plea 
on the plea agreement in that case. See Annabi, 771 F.2d at 672. In that section of the opinion, 
charges that were dismissed under the plea agreement. Nothing in Annabi suggests that the 
presumption in favor of single-district plea agreements does not apply if later charges in another 
involve a question of whether one office’s promise bound another, much less whether a plea 
clear in the absence of a formal plea agreement. Even if this Court agreed with the analysis in 
defendant’s entry of a guilty plea. Crist v. Bretz, 437 U.S. 28, 35 (1978); Morris v. Reynolds, 
consequences as a result of Epstein’s guilty plea in Florida state court. To the contrary, there is 
husband pleaded guilty. Dkt. No. 293 at 19 (citing United States v. Cambindo Valencia, 609 
Cambindo Valencia rested on the terms of the husband’s plea agreement, not the Double 
specific enough to inform the defendant of the charges and allow the defendant to plead double 
a plea of double jeopardy should he be prosecuted a second time for the same offense.” United 
prevent surprise, and to interpose a plea of double jeopardy should [the defendant] be prosecuted 
Please let us know if you have any questions or would like to discuss the foregoing. 
Please see the attached letter from Maxwell's counsel. Do you have time this week for a call to discuss, please? 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Attached please find the Government’s letter updating the Court about the defendant's conditions of confinement at 
the U.S. Attorney’s Office in Miami secretly negotiated a cushy plea deal for Epstein. 
In 2008, when Epstein pleaded guilty to state charges, his non-prosecution 
Epstein’s lenient plea deal, said, “I assume that if there are others that should be held 
like counseling or other victim services, please let them know that they are encouraged to contact the case agent on this 
Our team is always available if issues come up, so please feel free to give us a call. 
Please provide as much of this information as possible today. I’m very sorry for the quick turnaround but 
(below), which is easier to open for that subpage so that you can see how the subpages will look. Please let me 
2018. Following his subsequent guilty plea, Rosenfeld has since been sentenced for offenses related 
former personal attorney to the President, upon a plea of guilty to a multi-count information. Of 
note, Cohen pleaded guilty to making unlawful, excessive contributions to the 2016 presidential 
pleaded guilty to multiple counts of tax evasion in connection with his concealment of millions of 
worth hundreds of millions of dollars. After two trials, as well as guilty pleas, Percoco, Kaloyeros, 
convicted—two following jury trials and 13 by guilty pleas. The first defendant to be sentenced in 
awaiting sentencing. Ten other defendants pleaded guilty to serious crimes, including racketeering 
known hip-hop music artist, Daniel Hernandez, a/k/a “Tekashi 6ix gine.” Hernandez, who pleaded 
associates are awaiting sentencing after having pleaded guilty to serious crimes. 
In October 2019, Representative Christopher Collins pleaded guilty to participating in a scheme to 
his guilty plea, Collins had represented the 27" District of New York as a member of the U.S. House 
of Representatives. His son Cameron Collins, and Stephen Zarsky also pleaded guilty to 
KPMG audit performance. To date, three defendants have pleaded guilty and two defendants were 
time for New York State Correction Officer Jeffrey Green, who pleaded guilty to violating the 
e Yes, please send over the copy of the gj transcript disc when you can. 
e Yes, please get us the paper evidence from NY, VI, and Reiter as soon as you can. 
which they conduct data extractions. We need that for all of the extractions in this case, please (It may not be 
through for [J so she can see it. If not, please let me know. 
scans” folder. Would you please get us a scans of these without post-its on them? 
you please get us copies of those returns? 
please be able to get us these this week? 
including anything seized during any searches. Please produce to SDNY all of those scans, except any nude or 
partially nude images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such 
for review. Then please produce to SDNY a copy all of those materials, except any nude or partially nude images. 
For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such images were located, 
Please let me know if you have any questions or if it would be useful to hop on a call. 
e Yes, please send over the copy of the gj transcript disc when you can. 
e Yes, please get us the paper evidence from NY, VI, and Reiter as soon as you can. 
which they conduct data extractions. We need that for all of the extractions in this case, please (It may not be 
through for J so she can see it. If not, please let me know. 
scans” folder. Would you please get us a scans of these without post-its on them? 
you please get us copies of those returns? 
please be able to get us these this week? 
including anything seized during any searches. Please produce to SDNY all of those scans, except any nude or 
partially nude images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such 
for review. Then please produce to SDNY a copy all of those materials, except any nude or partially nude images. 
For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such images were located, 
Please let me know if you have any questions or if it would be useful to hop on a call. 
If there are particular files that Maxwell is having difficulty opening, please let us know, and we can try to figure out how to 
Please let us know when it arrives. 
That's extremely helpful, thanks so much. We'll plan to put the drive in the mail tomorrow, and of course please let us 
you please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it’s our understanding that hard drives with 
*** This email was sent via my iPhone using the dictation app... Please understand there may be some typographical 
If you have received this communication in error, please notify sender immediately by re-sending 
you aware of any victims who would like to make a statement to local law enforcement please advise. Feel free to 
pleased with the thoughtful reception, and {J reiterated that to me tonight. Well handled on your part. 
Geoff: Please see question 4 in the attached letter. I’m not sure exactly what he’s asking but can you please 
done for his victims. I was pleased to see the Department open an investigation into the 
We will continue to keep you posted. Please let us know if you have any questions. Thanks. 
Please continue to do what you do. This Administration has your back. May God 
Do not reply to this message. If you have questions, please use the contacts in the 
Please note and preserve whatever you have seat Mr. Epstein, not im ted to his death and to the earlier reported 
incident in which he suffered physical injuries. In addition, to the extent possible, please avoid altering any relevant 
records. If you need to use existing documents, please save what you're working off of as a new document so that the 
| attach a formal litigation hold notice, which as required is on an EOQUSA-provided form. Please review the notice, fill out 
Please let me know if you think other USAO personnel may have relevant documents or evidence. 
And please let me know if you have questions or want to discuss 
Please forward this to everyone who might have any documents relating to the Epstein suicide, and cc me: 
Please make sure to preserve any documents you may have relating to Epstein’s conditions of confinement. 
e If you have any hard-copy notes, please scan them and send them to me. If you have none, let me know 
e Most particularly, please check to see if you have texted anything pertinent. If so let me know, one way 
Please be advised that, by and through this Notice, we, the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of 
preserved copies of relevant shared directories and/or to take other steps to preserve pertinent data. Please do not 
Information, please refrain to the maximum extent possible from opening emails/files you believe to be relevant.] 
Please identify all locations where the Information described above may exist: CHECK ALL THAT APPLY 
Please be advised that failure to preserve and retain this Information may result in sanctions and/or implicate 
have any questions about whether to preserve certain ESI, or its native formatting, please contact the USAO’s Lit Hold 
Please sign below to acknowledge you have read this Notice and Certification and understand and accept your 
Please note and preserve whatever you have about Mr. Epstein, not limited to his death and to the earlier reported 
incident in which he suffered physical injuries. In addition, to the extent possible, please avoid altering any relevant 
records. If you need to use existing documents, please save what you’re working off of as a new document so that the 
| attach a formal litigation hold notice, which as required is on an EOQUSA-provided form. Please review the notice, fill out 
Please let me know if you think other USAO personnel may have relevant documents or evidence. 
And please let me know if you have questions or want to discuss. 
All — Please see below and follow instructions. Additionally, if you believe there are others at SDNY to whom this 
email should be sent, please let me know immediately. 
Please forward this to everyone who might have any documents relating to the Epstein suicide, and cc me: 
Please make sure to preserve any documents you may have relating to Epstein’s conditions of confinement. 
e Ifyou have any hard-copy notes, please scan them and send them to me. If you have none, let me know 
e Most particularly, please check to see if you have texted anything pertinent. If so let me know, one way 
Please find attached a letter regarding the Government's production in this case. We are uploading a zip file containing 
the discovery materials to USAfx. Additionally, please find attached one additional page of discovery, which has been 
marked attorney’s eyes only. Please contact us with any questions or if you have any difficulty accessing the production. 
The foregoing information is subject to the protective order. Please contact us with any questions. 
Please contact us with any questions. Your consideration is greatly appreciated. 
If you have or had one, please let me know ASAP. 
WB got a third call from this person. Could you please let us know the status of your outreach to her? 
WB checked in with us to tell us that this person called him again. Could you please let us know the status of your 
Please see below. Would someone at the FBI be able to contact this woman for initial screening, please? Per our usual 
That should work, thanks. Mind sending me the names and email addresses of participants, please? 
this survivor, please? 
Request Information Please see attached pdf for the National Enquirer's FOIA request concerning 
plead guilty to a single count of soliciting prostitution from an underage girl under Florida 
Please furnish all responsive records in electronic format. 
Please be aware that under 5 U.S.C. § 552(a)(6)(A), a FOIA request is considered 
Information Act Appeal.” Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may 
correspondence by email, the subject heading should clearly state "Dispute Resolution Services." Please 
For questions on how to reasonably describe your request, please email us at 
Appeal.” Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily identified. 
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all 
Appeal.” Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily identified. 
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all 
boxes are used to provide you with more information about the processing of your request. Please read each item 
Appeal.” Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily identified. 
any references to the subject(s) of your request, please submit a separate request for the reference 
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all 
boxes are used to provide you with more information about the processing of your request. Please read each item 
Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily identified. 
any references to the subject(s) of your request, please submit a separate request for the reference 
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all 
boxes are used to provide you with more information about the processing of your request. Please read each item 
Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily identified. 
subject heading should clearly state "Dispute Resolution Services." Please also cite the FOIPA Request Number 
any references to the subject(s) of your request, please submit a separate request for the reference 
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all 
boxes are used to provide you with more information about the processing of your request. Please read each item 
Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily identified. 
subject heading should clearly state "Dispute Resolution Services.” Please also cite the FOIPA Request Number 
any references to the subject(s) of your request, please submit a separate request for the reference 
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all 
boxes are used to provide you with more information about the processing of your request. Please read each item 
Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so that it may be easily identified. 
subject heading should clearly state "Dispute Resolution Services.” Please also cite the FOIPA Request Number 
any references to the subject(s) of your request, please submit a separate request for the reference 
The FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all 
boxes are used to provide you with more information about the processing of your request. Please read each item 
Appeal.” Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
subject heading should clearly state “Dispute Resolution Services." Please also cite the FOIPA Request Number 
any references to the subject(s) of your request, please submit a separate request for the reference 
FOIPA Request Number listed above has been assigned to your request. Please use this number in all 
Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the attomey representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact 
security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. Private citizens cannot request a name check. 
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the attomey representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact 
security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. Private citizens cannot request a name check. 
Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request and the enclosed FBI 
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the Attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIPA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact 
security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. Private citizens cannot request a name check. 
Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request and the enclosed FBI 
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the Attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIPA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact 
domestic threats to national security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. 
Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request and the enclosed FBI 
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your 
Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
resolution correspondence by email, the subject heading should clearly state “Dispute Resolution Services." Please 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the Attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIPA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact 
domestic threats to national security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. 
Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request and the enclosed FBI 
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your 
Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
resolution correspondence by email, the subject heading should clearly state “Dispute Resolution Services." Please 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the Attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIPA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact 
domestic threats to national security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. 
Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request and the enclosed FBI 
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your 
Appeal." Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
resolution correspondence by email, the subject heading should clearly state “Dispute Resolution Services." Please 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the Attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIPA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact 
domestic threats to national security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. 
Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request and the enclosed FBI 
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your 
Appeal.” Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
resolution correspondence by email, the subject heading should clearly state “Dispute Resolution Services.” Please 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the Attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIPA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact 
domestic threats to national security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. 
Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request and the enclosed FBI 
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your 
Appeal.” Please cite the FOIPA Request Number assigned to your request so it may be easily identified. 
resolution correspondence by email, the subject heading should clearly state “Dispute Resolution Services.” Please 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the Attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIPA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact 
domestic threats to national security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. 
Please see the paragraphs below for relevant information specific to your request and the enclosed FBI 
Please refer to the enclosed FBI FOIPA Addendum for additional standard responses applicable to your 
Please direct any further inquiries about this case to the Attorney representing the Government in this 
matter. Please use the FOIPA Request Number and/or Civil Action Number in all correspondence or inquiries 
Additionally, requests can be submitted electronically at www.edo.cjis.gov. For additional information, please contact 
security. Please be advised that this is a service provided to other federal agencies. Private citizens cannot request a name check. 
Please see the attached letter, which was filed this evening. Are you available for a call on Monday? We anticipate that 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Attached please find the Government’s opposition to the defense’s motions in limine in the above-captioned case. 
years to tell someone that they were sexually abused. Please 
For the abstract or full text in other languages, please see Supplementary files under ‘Article Tools’ 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Please add to TW 3500 for MM (start a new production folder) and (J witness folder. Thanks! 
ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email addres: TTT 
Can you please send us the notes for the JJ email (and the 302 as soon as it is ready)? 
Please provide a response by 10:00 am tomorrow Wednesday. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please promptly provide an explanation and inform me when Ms. Maxwell will receive these deliveries. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Reply In Support of Her Motions in Limine and 
leave the courthouse. There are no exceptions. For more information, please see 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. 
The production will be made via USAfx. The materials on USAfx will include additional exhibits. Attached please find the 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Attached please find a redacted version of the defense’s memorandum of law in support of her Federal Rule of Evidence 
Subject: Epstein Meeting (Please hold the time) 
Event: Epstein Meeting (Please hold the time) 
Subject: Accepted: Epstein Meeting (Please hold the time) 
Event: Accepted: Epstein Meeting (Please hold the time) 
Subject: Declined: Epstein Meeting (Please hold the time) 
Event: Declined: Epstein Meeting (Please hold the time) 
One of Epstein’s victims I, said that Maxwell and[jcoached her on how to pleasure him. “It was 
Ghislaine andj that showed me how to please Jeffrey,” EM said. 
Please let us know if you have any questions. Take care and stay healthy. 
Please call my cell at MM. (\f we end up needing a conference line I'll send that before 3:00 EST as well.) 
That works. Please advise as to which number | should call. 
That would be great, thanks. Would 3:00 work for you? Or please let us know if there’s a more convenient time, we can 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
© Please see additional information on reversp 
READ THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS FORM BEFORE YOUR COURT APPEARANCE. PLEASE CALL THE 
HAVE A MEDICAL CONDITION OR FAMILY SITUATION THAT REQUIRES SPECIAL CONSIDERATION, PLEASE ADVISE 
If you are required to travel to another city to appear in court, please contact Omega World Travel at 1-800-411-9287 to make your travel 
questions concerning transportation arrangements, please contact the individual(s) listed above. 
ric Please confirm that I am wiring $3mm from your account to M) 
via my emall: Please let Jeffrey know that if he intends to 
That works. Please advise as to which number !| should call. 
That would be great, thanks. Would 3:00 work for you? Or please let us know if there’s a more convenient time, we 
RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY 
RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
| spoke with JJ Bottom line, she thinks it’s a close call between making [J take a felony plea and declining to 
prosecute, but she ultimately comes down in favor of a felony plea. She does not think we should charge Jj with sex 
call between declining to prosecute [J and requiring [J to enter a felony plea. Ultimately, though, the 
Coordinators support a felony plea disposition along the lines set forth in J submission given the unique 
with [J obstructive conduct, warrant a felony plea. The Coordinators support such a disposition, in part, because a 
plea will allow victims to gain a sense of closure and to have their voices heard at sentencing if they choose. Given the 
Happy to do a video conference with Jj. Could you please propose some dates/times that would work for you and for 
Thanks very much, Sigrid. If those times can’t end up working, we can try to do some reshuffling of our own. Please let 
are in New York on 10/22 and 10/23. We’d be happy to get times on the calendar. Would you please let us know who 
coordinate travel. Would you please provide [ij with your new client’s name as it appears on her ID, date of birth, 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
meeting and they will take my phone. Would you please respond to my message below prior to that time in order that 
schedule tomorrow. Please advise if you want to interview her there at 11:A.M or 11:30.at the end of their meeting or 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
BE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please review and verify all 
Please review and verify all 
Please review and verify all 
Please review and verify all 
Please review and verify all 
Please review the information 
for more information, please 
Please note: the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 
Please review the information 
for more information, please 
Please note: the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 
eee —————————— Please review the informatian 
, . For information, please 
be mailed to this address: and Fish LLP Please note: the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 
Please retain these documents for future reference since they contain important information 
Please have all named account holders sign 
this information to you at no charge upon request. Please also review the Conducting Business 
Account Opening Process Package, please 
questions, changes of correctians, please 
with respect to the Account. Please refer to the “Joint Accounts” section of the General Terms 
Please note that not all products and services are available in all countries and may be changed 
Please refer to the Fees and Charges 
have questions, please contact your 
Please note: UBS does not extend margin 
UBS prototype, please ask for a copy of the 
Please refer to the section titled “Introduced Accounts” in the General Terms and Conditions 
more information regarding Arbitration, please consult the UBS Credit Card Agreement. 
coverage available to you. Please refer to the UBS Bank Sweep Programs Disclosure 
Please refer to the UBS Bank Sweep Programs Disclosure Statement. 
Please see the Account Protection section in the Additional Disclosures Section of the 
apen in the future, please contact your 
Please note: UBS does not extend margin 
notice as described herein. For additional terms, please refer to the section “Liquidation of 
otherwise pledging your securities in order to obtain credit. Please review the Loan 
Please refer to the UBS Statement of Credit 
Please see the UBS Client Privacy Notice in 
At UBS, we are committed to safeguarding your personal information. Please refer to the UBS 
like to change your instructions, please call your Financial Advisor. 
Please note: These confirmations are sent periodically and to confirm certain changes to your 
Please see the section Haousehalding of 
with the same address. This practice, called “householding”, applies to account statements, alas cae please cantact your 
Account, please refer to the Electronic 
by household, please contact your Financial Advisor and ask to receive individual mailings in 
Account, please contact your Financial Advisor to provide the necessary authorization. Even 
If your organization is tax exempt please enter the appropriate code 
Can you please give me a call? 
Eras For a matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or Au i: r 
You are currently subscribed as I For further assistance, please 
a For a matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA Saas at or 
You are currently subscribed as SB For further assistance, please 
BOP press release that was just put out 1 assume we need to speak with someone there. Please advise. 
Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on those basic facts or when we can have a call to get 
than the press. Please advise. 
me be — For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or a . or 
In addition tol, can you please include Chief x: 
BOP press release that was just put out 1 assume we need to speak with someone there. Please advise. 
reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on those basic facts or when we can 
less information than the press. Please advise. 
mz be a For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA eee at | or 
In addition to Marshal can you please include Chief a: 
BOP press release that was just put out I assume we need to speak with someone there. Please advise. 
Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on those basic facts or when we can have a call to get 
than the press. Please advise. 
_ be — For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA fo at a or 
As always please don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful. 
case and we have a time sensitive question — with apologies for the Saturday night email, could I please ask you 
As always please don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful. 
help, please let me know. I’m out of pocket from 7:15 to 8:15 but am available otherwise. 
and we will not speak to any of the guards present given the ongoing investigations. Please give me a call with any 
Attached is the final bail opposition. Please add a TOC and TOA then send back to me. 
That time works for us, thanks. Could you please circulate a dial-in? 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
Could you please let us know what format we should expect in terms of the proffer? That will help us with figuring out 
Please find attached an index to our productions to date. This is a work in progress — we will update it as we gather and 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Could you please let us know what format we should expect in terms of the proffer? That will help us with figuring out 
Please find attached an index to our productions to date. This is a work in progress — we will update it as we gather and 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Could you please let us know what format we should expect in terms of the proffer? That will help us with figuring out 
Please find attached an index to our productions to date. This is a work in progress — we will update it as we gather and 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Either works for us so please choose what is most convenient for you. 
Could you please let us know what format we should expect in terms of the proffer? That will help us with figuring out 
Please find attached an index to our productions to date. This is a work in progress — we will update it as we gather and 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
Yes, I'd like the same arrangements, if possible, please. Thank you! 
GE and | are traveling to West Palm Beach next week for the Epstein case. Could you please help book our 
Conference Room: please book a conference room at the Hilton for both Tuesday and Wednesday. If they have a 
you therefore please pass this information on to him. My postal address is:- 
oa Thanks, we'd be happy to speak with her. Please feel free to give her our contact info. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
If you need anything else, please let me know. 
please share with us the procedure that they should follow, so that we can make sure they understand what steps to take 
However, I understand that she just came into custody today and there is a more urgent deadline. If you can please 
please? 
Could we please create a new Victim & Witnesses Services page for the Maxwell case, similar to what we did for the 
please call 1-800-Call-FBI 
And then for the first entry, a “July 8, 2020 update”, could we please post the following, along with a link to the PDF of the 
If you believe you are a victim of GHISLAINE MAXWELL, from during any time period and in any location, please contact 
counseling. If you believe you are a victim, of if you would like information or assistance with referrals, please contact: 
at the courthouse. Please see the instructions, attached. Completing the questionnaire ahead of 
Hi §§j — attached is a new batch of UBS returns, could you please add them to the shared + tracker and send to Ij 
This message has not been virus scanned because it contains encrypted or otherwise protected data. Please 
This message has not been virus scanned because it contains encrypted or otherwise protected data. Please 
please find a WinZip file containing the items described within: 
password protected. Please use WinZip to unzip and view the documents. Please email me at 
upon receipt for the necessary password. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. 
Request: Please review the enclosed information and retain for your 
As the final step in the account opening process, please review the Client Information and Account Information 
sections of this package and confirm that they are accurate; if changes are required, please call us at the number 
account apply to your new accounts. Please refer to that information. Electronic versions are also available at 
Please review and verify all 
Please review and verify all 
Please review and verify all 
Please review and verify all 
Please review and verify all 
Please review the information 
for more information, please 
Please note: the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 
Please review the information 
Far more information, please 
Please note: the account nsk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 
Please review the information 
Far more information, please 
Please note: the account nsk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 
Please review the information 
Far more information, please 
Please note: the account nsk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 
Please review the information 
for more information, please 
Please note: the account risk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 
Please review the information 
Far more information, please 
Please note: the account nsk 
via electronic format in this UBS account. Please refer to Client Relationship Agreement for Terms and 
There was a minor typo with some of the dates. Final report with the changes attached. Please disregard the report 
corresponding victim name. Any chance you would be able to help us track that down, please? In order to figure out 
|| could you please save the slip-and-fall deposition here: 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
In a moment, I'll forward you two emails with subpoena returns from UBS. Could you please unzip the files (password 
zz could you please save the slip-and-fall deposition here: 
There was a minor typo with some of the dates. Final report with the changes attached. Please disregard the report 
Anything at all we can do, please don’t hesitate to let us know, and I'll defer to [J to reach out to follow up separately. 
Please see the AUSA team copied here and reach out to them for any assistance you may need from SDNY. 
Please see the AUSA team 1 copied here and reach out to them for any assistance you may need from SDNY. 
after the hearing? If so, could you please let me know a time and place if one is scheduled along with any 
Would you please also include me in any future emails/alerts etc to the media regarding this case? 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not 
were of course provided separate from the protective order; if they don’t, please let us know, and again we'll continue 
To follow up on our call, can you please send us the search warrant returns/inventories and, if possible, any additional 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
To follow up on our call, can you please send us the search warrant returns/inventories and, if possible, any additional 
To follow up on our call, can you please send us the search warrant returns/inventories and, if possible, any additional 
criteria for victim services, please let us know and we'll sort something out. 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
> Please contact = at ext. of «: GE for an official passport. As for 
need to have an official passport for those trips. Can you help me with that process, please? Or point me to the 
or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please 
full extent of the law. Please be advised, however, that Panish Shea & Boyle LLP and its lawyers do not represent you until you have 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact the FBI at 1- 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
(And please tel lJ hi back!) 
GB is on it. Can | please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? 
and Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? 
have any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
please contact the FBI at 1-800-CALL FBI, and reference this case. 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
case number 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). Please let them know how they can arrange for a pretrial interview with their client in 
If you need any additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
Please provide me with the best contact number. 
case number 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). Please let them know how they can arrange for a pretrial interview with their client in 
If you need any additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [, please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Could you please provide me with the defendant's mugshot as soon as it is available? 
that “a plea agreement in one U.S. Attorney’s office does not, unless otherwise stated, bind 
another.” United States v. Prisco, 391 F. App’x 920, 921 (2d Cir. 2010) (“A plea agreement binds 
only the office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it 
which presumes a narrow reading of the boundaries of a plea agreement unless a defendant can 
defendant pleading guilty to counts relating to “obstruction,” as well as “harassment,” with 
that the defendant could plead guilty to 18 U.S.C. § 403, that is, a knowing or intentional violation 
a possible obstruction plea that “could rely on the incident where Mr. Epstein’s private 
To ensure proper credit, please return this portion with your payment to Fedéx. 
Please do not staple or fold. 
Please indicate change In address for the account # listed below: 
Please include detailed explanation for each adjustment request. 
Please Explain 
Other - Please Explain 
To request adjustments for Service Failures or lack of a POD, please call 1-800-622-1147, 
Please indicate change in address for the account # listed below: 
To ensove proper credit, please return this portion with your payment fo FedEx. 
Please do not staple or fold. 
Please indicate any change in mailing address: 
To ensure proper credit, please return this portion with your payment fo Fedex. 
Please do not staple or fold. 
Schedules and Money-Back Guarantees, please visit fedex.com 
Please indicate change In address for the account # listed below: 
will not log on using all of them), but please let us know if you need us to include any other email addresses for logging 
And please let us know if either of you would like to chat tomorrow in advance of the discussion, otherwise we'll look 
Please provide details as to how you want to handle the connection. 
Please advise if any problems. 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete 
witnesses and counsel, we plan to propose a trial date of November 29, 2021. Could you please let us know your 
position regarding that date, so that we can include it in our letter to the Court? In addition, please let us know 
Please let us know your position regarding those proposed dates and we'll include it in our letter. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete 
preferences, our question was simply about your scheduling availability in light of the Court’s order. Can you please 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
witnesses regarding their availability, so we’re gathering a variety of data points. Please let us know your 
Our 4/22 letter detailed our position. Please let us know your availability for 11/8. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
We write to confer in accordance with the Court’s Order about a trial date in this case. Please let us know your 
preferences and availability for trial dates from September 2021 through the end of the year. If you could please 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
if you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
videoconference shortly. Please let us know if you have any tech issues/questions about WebEx. 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
we’ve previously conveyed, and please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us 
could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your client 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (I). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and 
Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
into a cooperation agreement, plea agreement, immunity or non-prosecution agreement. The 
Please see the attached Order from Judge Nathan. 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e- 
this survivor, please? 
GM could you please add this to the share and to the initial discovery production for Maxwell? Thanks. 
Please process the following: 
backstory in order to respond to the request. Please feel free to let me know if this is something that should be 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
phone her number is, and please let us know if anything would be helpful on our end. 
info — I’m reachable at this email address or by phone at (office) or MY (cell). Please don’t 
When you have a chance, could you please initial the proffer agreement and send it back to me? Thanks! 
Thanks again for your time today. Attached, please find a copy of the proffer agreement with updated initials. 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
symposium, M. Dowd (Chair) Psychological evidence in pleas negotiations and sentencing. Association of the 
Could we please create a new Victim & Witnesses Services page for the Maxwell case, similar to what we did for the 
please call 1-800-Call-FBI 
And then for the first entry, a “July 8, 2020 update”, could we please post the following, along with a link to the PDF of 
If you believe you are a victim of GHISLAINE MAXWELL, from during any time period and in any location, please contact 
counseling. If you believe you are a victim, of if you would like information or assistance with referrals, please contact: 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
If you need anything further, please do let me know. 
Can this call please take place via BlueJeans? It is a video conferencing application that we are using and | will send 
Could | just confirm the attendees please — I. EJ and yousrselfga ? 
Are you available for a call this week? We are generally available, so if you could please let us know what times would 
please? 
Please let us know if you have any additional questions, and in particular whether any other information from us 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
If you need anything else, please let me know. 
please share with us the procedure that they should follow, so that we can make sure they understand what steps to take 
However, I understand that she just came into custody today and there is a more urgent deadline. If you can please 
please? 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Attached please find a redacted version of the defense’s memorandum of law in support of her Federal Rule of Evidence 
Per our call, please find attached the requests from [J including names in footnotes, as well as the Masseuse 
Attached please find a letter requesting certain redactions to Exhibit C to the defendant’s memorandum in support of her 
supplemental pre-trial motions, which was just filed on ECF. In addition, attached please find the Government's proposed 
be Wednesday afternoon, or anytime Thursday, please. I’ve got a lengthy grand jury presentation to make on Tuesday. 
Thanks so much, [. Attached is a revised draft of the letter. As we discussed, please double-check the index for 
please respond this way. 
| | please insert this into our Ghislaine Maxwell victim page (_ https://www.justice.gov/usao-sdny/united- 
information, please see https://www.nysd.uscourts.gov/covid-19-coronavirus. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
a. open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
disciplinary charge. Please provide a copy of the Incident Report. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
>> Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
> If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
*ADDITIONAL OFF-THE-RECORD GUIDANCE: Please note the Court has ruled that several of the 
Please also note that all case filings in U.S. v. Maxwell are available in the Court’s electronic filing system; we 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS 
will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
To All Concerned: Please find the attached letter authored by my Client 
Attached please find Ms. Maxwell’s response to the government’s letter, dated November 11, 2021, regarding the self- 
review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached the Proposed Redactions to Ms. Maxwell’s Motion for an Order 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Motion for an Order Authorizing a Subpoena 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately ‘by reply e-mail and 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete 
witnesses and counsel, we plan to propose a trial date of November 29, 2021. Could you please let us know your 
position regarding that date, so that we can include it in our letter to the Court? In addition, please let us know 
Please let us know your position regarding those proposed dates and we'll include it in our letter. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete 
preferences, our question was simply about your scheduling availability in light of the Court’s order. Can you please 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
witnesses regarding their availability, so we’re gathering a variety of data points. Please let us know your 
Our 4/22 letter detailed our position. Please let us know your availability for 11/8. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
We write to confer in accordance with the Court’s Order about a trial date in this case. Please let us know your 
preferences and availability for trial dates from September 2021 through the end of the year. If you could please 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
When you get a chance could you please send me the application you sent to Judge Kaplan to get courtroom connect 
Attached please find a supplemental discovery production in the above-referenced case, as well as a corresponding cover 
HB is going to help out with transcribing the IJ recording. When you have a chance would you please ask 
any redactions are necessary. Please let us know if you think any redactions are needed. 
Attached please find the fully executed proffer agreement with the agent’s initials and my initials added. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
if there is any more granularity on this topic (or any additional topic or topics), please let us know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Attached please find the signed proffer agreement. It was nice seeing everyone yesterday. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Not a problem at all -- I've added everyone to the calendar invitation. Please let us know if any other tech issues crop up, 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Attached please find the fully executed proffer agreement with the agent’s initials and my initials added. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
prepared, so if there is any more granularity on this topic (or any additional topic or topics), please let us know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Attached please find the signed proffer agreement. It was nice seeing everyone yesterday. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Not a problem at all -- I’ve added everyone to the calendar invitation. Please let us know if any other tech issues 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
Attached please find an Order and two temporarily sealed Memorandum Opinions & Orders issued by Judge 
Please confirm receipt. 
the nolle application, which is Exhibit C. Sorry if | got your titles wrong on the memo, please correct if they aren’t right. 
Cover letters for both and 3500 indices (excel version) are attached. Please let me know as soon as you can if there are 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Please assist in getting this legal mail provided to her today. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please let me know if this is acceptable. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Attached please find the Discovery Responses filed on[J behalf in her civil matter against Epstein. 
attributed to the law firm. If = received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
Attached please find the Discovery Responses filed on J behalf in her civil matter against Epstein. 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
she needs Judge Karas to modify the order to allow her to receive the documents, so please don’t send them to 
you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the 
*This document will become a permanent record in the case file and is discoverable. Please limit comments to logistical or service referral information. Do not reference 
*This document will become a permanent record in the case file and is discoverable. Please limit comments to logistical or service referral information. Do not reference 
When did (Please provide 
crime/incident occur? (Please provid 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please let me know if we can hand-deliver legal mail for Ms. Maxwell to 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Please advise the quickest way to accomplish this. 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailin 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed indices, and the enclosed materials are 
Additionally, please note that many of the individuals referenced in this production are 
Please let me know if you have any issues with it as soon as you can. I'd like to file it in the next hour or so. 
Attached please find a draft joint proposed request to charge. Since this is due to the Court on Wednesday, October 27, 
please send us your comments by Sunday, October 24. Please also send us your comments, including any additional 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Please advise the quickest way to accomplish this. 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. 
you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter and indices. The production will be made via USAfx. 
Please advise the quickest way to accomplish this. 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Response to the Government’s Omnibus Motions in 
| think for now please just pass along any request that comes in to me. I’ve let BOP know about this, and can pass along 
Please advise the quickest way to accomplish this. 
opposition, and the defendant’s omnibus reply. Below are our notes on which exhibits should be sealed. Please let us 
Please send me the next batch when you have them ready. 
Please let us know if you would like us to add any redactions to these versions, and we'll get them filed. With respect to 
Please be advised that the above list is limited to the individuals the Government may refer 
Please note that this letter and the information contained herein is governed by the July 31, 
A supplemental production of non-testifying witness material is now ready to produce. Attached please find the cover 
produce via USAfx. Would you please provide our office with two drives (128 GB should be more than sufficient) for us to 
confidential materials. Please let us know if you have any objection to this marking or would like to discuss. 
Would one of you please save the attached 2 pdfs in the testifying witness 3500 and witness folders for J on 
intended recipient, please contact the sender and destroy all copies of the communication. 
not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and destroy all copies of the communication. 
If you need any additional info (visa/passport applications, travel records, etc.) or have any questions please don’t 
laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the 
Thanks again for helping; we really appreciate it. Attached are the records. Please let us know if you have any 
laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the 
information. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately, delete all copies and do 
Would you please help us book travel to Pensacola, FL and back for next week? I'd like refundable tickets for the following 
flights, please: 
Please make sure the tickets are refundable just in case we need to move things around. We are still waiting to hear back 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), J and | would like to please 
element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Below please find our reply, in no particular order, to your follow-up questions 
After JE pleaded guilty in FL, did MJ schedule massages? 
GM was not asked to make massage appointments after his plea, and, to her 
plea, most travel was done by other administrator in the office or by I i) 
would be messengered from the office in envelopes prior to Epstein’s plea. 
could you please save each of the files into the correct witness folder, keeping the same naming convention, and update 
And then let us know when that’s complete, and I'll look through and we can figure out what remains outstanding. Please 
Final voucher 10810811(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. 
Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. 
Suzanne and I had a quick follow up. We are available at Suzanne’s office - IM. Please give us a call 
Thanks again for your time today. We can meet with you next Wednesday at 2:00 pm. Please let me know if that 
please delete it without reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended to waive any applicable privilege. 
Please do not disseminate this message without the permission of the author. Any tax advice contained in this 
to keep open -- obviously I know Maxwell's name but could you please send any other info we need for her, as 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
| spoke to Bees and she and I can meet with you on Wednesday, March 4" at 2:00 p.m. Please confirm that works 
for your team. Can you also please send me the street address for your building so | can get that to a. 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
If you are missing any productions, please have [J contact me and | will provide it to him. 
was recovered (similar to the chart you sent me for the USVI devices), please? Once | get that, | can put together the 
Checking in to see if you guys have your scheduling position statement ready for the joint letter. If you do, can you please 
Could you please let us know what dates this week would work for the meeting? We are scheduling this with defense 
Please provide a response by 10:00 am tomorrow Wednesday. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please promptly provide an explanation and inform me when Ms. Maxwell will receive these deliveries. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Reply In Support of Her Motions in Limine and 
Could you please add the materials saved here to the next production? Thanks! 
Please give me a call. 
Could you please let us know what dates this week would work for the meeting? We are scheduling this with defense 
Can we please add these to the pending production to send out tonight? They should marked confidential. The black 
Please confirm IMMEDIATELY the status of these items on your end. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
action taken in reliance upon this message is strictly prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender 
Another police officer, Robert Espinel, became the final defendant to plead guilty in the unit's 
DuPont, 19 Cr. 791 (ER). Finally. the unit charged and secured a guilty plea from Natalie 
Pursuant to this Court’s Order of April 20, 2021 (Dkt. 221), attached please find counsel’s Letter Motion for an 
MDS Hash. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
3 PM would be fine. Please send me the conference call information. 
I'll be stuck in a meeting at 2pm. Would 3pm or later work, please? 
Please send conference call information. 
production, please? 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
Instructions: Please provide responses to the case specific questions below. Use a separate 
Before submitting this request, please confirm with your Budget Officer that the expense is 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
e By tomorrow: Please check to see whether it would be possible to prepare all of the “HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL” 
at 500 Pearl by next Wednesday or Thursday. If that is not feasible, please let me know how much time you need 
Please confirm that the only categories of “HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL” nude/partially nude images in our custody that 
investigation. Please confirm that no items from the Florida case are missing from this index. 
« Please provide us with a similar inventory of all physical evidence items in FBI-NY custody gathered during our 
Please work with [J to figure out the logistics of how to allow defense counsel and (where possible) Maxwell 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
best point of contact to help us figure this out. Could you please send us the following information: 
That would be a big help. Please let us know if you need any information from us to run the search. 
Our update letter to the Court regarding MDC conditions is due today. Can you please let us know by 8:30 pm if you 
Would you please add the attached to EJ testifying witness folder on the Epstein share? 
same understanding. Finally, we received guidance that we are required to record the interviews, so please let me know if 
so again in connection with that investigation (2018R01618), I'd like to please request permission to travel on Monday to 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
about a possible resolution. When you've spoken with [, could you please let us know whether she’s willing to meet 
Please find attached a letter regarding the Government's discovery production in this case. We are sending a hard drive 
containing the discovery materials to you. The password on the drive is SE Additionally, please find 
attached one additional page of discovery, which has been marked attorney’s eyes only. Please contact us with any 
' In addition to information provided herein, please note that this Office periodically posts content 
footage would be relevant, please contact us promptly to request that footage. 
16(a) materials, please promptly notify the Government. 
Please contact us at your earliest convenience concerning the possible disposition of this 
one-point reduction under the Sentencing Guidelines available for defendants who plead prior to 
client has not entered a plea of guilty four weeks prior to trial. We will follow this policy whether 
Please be advised, however, that pursuant to the policy of the Office concerning plea offers, 
no plea offer is effective unless and until made in writing and signed by authorized representatives 
constitute a “formal offer” or a “plea offer,” as those terms are used in Lafler v. Cooper, 132 S.Ct. 
Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Final voucher 10808018(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Hi Darlene, Please advise the AUSA re: if the hotel will refund the tax. Thanks 
invoice, which is attached again. (Or please let me know if I’m supposed to be reimbursed for the maximum daily 
Please let me know when it is corrected and | will review it again. 
Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Thank you so much - | really appreciate it. If you need anything this evening, or tomorrow, please let me know. And even thereafter, I'll 
Please feel free to reach out with any 
Can you please find the email Jj sent to J on July 14 at 16:09 pm? It is referenced in the attached but we 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please contact me immediately. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete 
Please explain why delivery of Ms. Maxwell’s mail has been delayed. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please contact me immediately. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete 
Please explain why delivery of Ms. Maxwell’s mail has been delayed. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailing 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed indices, and the enclosed materials are 
Additionally, please note that many of the individuals referenced in this production are 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Subject: RE: Hi Please let me know as soon you have decided & booked 
For next week, could you please book me on the following flights, the first of which is New York to Florida, and then the 
Please let me know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
Subject: Hi Please let me know as soon you have decided & booked 
e Please email me a copy of your CWT air / rail e-ticket email & or hotel reservation confirmation 
So again in connection with that investigation (2018R01618), I’d like to please request permission to travel on Monday to 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Perfect, thank you! {i if we could please get a list of what CART received, and what’s been processed and sent 
documents than we would have expected. Can you please let us know exactly how many electronic devices (phones, 
assistance in getting the invitation to your clients. We do understand that it was a short turn around, so please 
Please provide the name of the victim(s) you are representing: 
Please identify the briefing you plan to attend: 
Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank you again for your support. 
Jeffrey Epstein. Please be advised that you have received an invitation for that individual from the email address 
did not receive an invitation please respond back to victimservices@fbi.gov with their individual contact 
If you have any questions please feel free to contact me directly. 
email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of 
error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. 
> Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
> Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
| hope you are keeping well also. Would a call at 1:45 on Monday, 05/04, work? Please call me at i, or | can 
tomorrow or next week to discuss? Please let us know what would be convenient for you. Thanks again, 
This message has not been virus scanned because it contains encrypted or otherwise protected data. Please ensure you 
Per our conversation earlier today, please find attached a letter responding to your request for information relating to 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA EE for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
| hope you are keeping well also. Would a call at 1:45 on Monday, 05/04, work? Please call me at A, or | can 
tomorrow or next week to discuss? Please let us know what would be convenient for you. Thanks again, 
This message has not been virus scanned because it contains encrypted or otherwise protected data. Please ensure you 
Per our conversation earlier today, please find attached a letter responding to your request for information relating to 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA | for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
end. Please feel free to call my cell anytime (including this weekend if that's preferable), : 
of 9/3 or the afternoon of 9/4. Please let me know what works best for you. 
perhaps we can still meet with a and [ag that day. Please let us know if that would work. 
no way want to impede any legal steps they wish to take to ensure their safety. Please let us know if you have 
works, please let us know and we'll further confer internally about options. 
GB — Thanks for your time on the phone yesterday. Please let us know if you are available to meet on Monday, 
Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail. 
Please let us know if we're forgetting anything or if any additional information would be useful, and we look 
Second, we are available to meet with you on July 29 at 2 pm. Please let us know whether that date and time 
please delete it without reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended to waive any applicable privilege. 
Please do not disseminate this message without the permission of the author. Any tax advice contained in this 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
he was pleased with Judge Berman's 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
And if those topics unavoidably arise despite not having been raised by OPR, we'd ask that you please let us know so we 
can incorporate any such witness statements as 3500 material as appropriate and required. But please let us know if that 
anticipates doing in the future. Please confirm that our doing so does not present any issues for your office. If you have 
any concerns in that regard, please let me know so we can discuss the matter. | hope | might hear back from you by 
Please let me know if it would be helpful to chat, and thanks as always. 
efficiency’s sake, | would like to schedule a phone call with you for that purpose. Please let me know when you might be 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call + 1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
stimulus or that 10k loan. I lost my business to Covid so please make this 
This message has not been virus scanned because it contains encrypted or otherwise protected data. Please 
sexual pleasure. 
Subject: RE: Thank Yes Pleas log in & approve 
Subject: Thank Yes Pleas log in & approve 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Could you please give me a call when you have a moment? Not an emergency but when you have a chance. I’m 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think 
Final voucher 11164814(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
tomorrow or next week to discuss? Please let us know what would be convenient for you. Thanks again, 
This message has not been virus scanned because it contains encrypted or otherwise protected data. Please ensure you 
Per our conversation earlier today, please find attached a letter responding to your request for information relating to 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA EM for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Please let us know if any questions, or if it would be useful to chat, and thanks very much. 
asked her to take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let 
Your drive is ready for pickup at 1 St. Andrews, and Ms. Maxwell’s drive has been sent to the MDC. Attached please find 
The hard drives were delivered just after 1pm. Please confirm receipt. 
when we receive confirmation. Please have the agents plan for Friday. 
The agents can make themselves available Thursday or Friday. Please let me know what date and time you end up 
We expect to have another discovery production ready to load tomorrow, October 19, 2020. Would you please provide 
Adding to this, if you could please bring any personal effects seized at the arrest (money, wallet, whatever) -- not 
Hope you had a good flight back. Could you please bring Epstein’s Austrian passport to court tomorrow? His 
Please let me know if there are issues opening and I can resend. Due to size, had to send multiple emails. 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to a disc: 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to a disc: 
Happy National Cheeseburger Day! Enjoy lunch (breakfast?), and then please promptly turn your attention to letting me 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
me - thank you for touching base on this request. Please see the attached, to be produced under the protective order. If it 
is to be used publicly, please keep us apprised so we can let our media and leg affairs staff know. as cc'd here, 
Please give me a call on this request. My number is 202-598-5491. Thank you- 
reliance on this information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately at the 
As discussed earlier today, attached please find a draft affidavit in support of an amended warrant for three of the drives 
Please review this closely and let me know if you have any questions or revisions at all. I'll reach out to you on Monday to 
Please let me know if you’d like anything further done with this. Thanks so much! 
PLEASE SIGN, DATE, AND RETURN FORM 114A TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL THEN 
part will be credited to next year's tax. Please review the 
There is a math discrepancy regarding this amount. Please 
Please review your entries on the Other Income worksheet, 
responsibility payment or claim an exemption. Please make any 
Limitation Worksheet. Please review the form's printed 
amount of 2210 penalty calculated may be understated. Please 
with no entry for self-employment income (loss). Please review 
with no entry for self-employment income (loss). Please review 
with no entry for self-employment income (loss). Please review 
allow for paperless filing. Please review the return with the 
PRACTITIONER PIN PROGRAM HAS BEEN ELECTED. PLEASE SIGN AND RETURN 
PLEASE SIGN, DATE, AND RETURN FORM 114A TO OUR OFFICE. WE WILL THEN 
Other (please provide explanation below) 
THIS RETURN HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR ELECTRONIC FILING. PLEASE SIGN, 
Please print or type. Privacy Act Notice available upon request. For the year January 1-December 31, 2017. 
PRACTITIONER PIN PROGRAM HAS BEEN ELECTED. PLEASE SIGN AND 
PLEASE 
Return, \T-201-X, Amended Resident Income Tax Return, {1-203 necessary to include the ERO signature in this case. Please note that 
you please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as 
prefer to just get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials 
GE. following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
wanted to see what the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if 
could to convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to 
complete transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the 
Also, i. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | 
to be formally charged and enter a plea on July 14. District Judge Alison 
cooperator's guilty plea and then told a judge he didn't — a fact Ahuja claims 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
unreturned emails and phone calls since January, from both me and jj Qj is perfectly pleasant when we're able to 
Following up on the below, please advise whether the full set of records is uploaded to the W drive for the agents’ 
have them. Please let us know as soon as possible what the status is? And if there are any impediments, we can assist in 
phone her number is , and please let us know if anything would be helpful on our end. 
info — I’m reachable at this email address or by phone at A (office) or I (cell). Please don’t 
Also, notwithstanding what the form says, please do NOT email it down to DC — please send it back to me. 
Also, notwithstanding what the form says, please do NOT email it down to DC — please send it back to me. 
Instructions: Please provide responses to the case specific questions below. Use a separate 
Before submitting this request, please confirm with your Budget Officer that the expense is 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please call me at your earliest convenience. 
Please confirm: 
If so, please explain: 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please confirm whether she is in her isolation cell or in the SHU. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please confirm: 
If so, please explain: 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
a different newsletter, please check out all your options to keep up with the latest on 
You are currently subscribed as MD For further assistance, please 
of the press and the public. Please let us know if you have any questions. 
If you have any statement on this, please feel free to reach out. 
If you have any statement on this, please feel free to reach out. 
for this FOIA request. Please take a look. 
standard exemption document for you. Please try to send it back on or about July 14, 2020. 
Berman (see Page 11 of supporting document). Please acknowledge receipt of this request. 
Would it be possible to get stamped copies of this warrant reflecting the docket number, please? 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
| | could you please take on this project of making sure the victim info in the database is accurate for the letter that 
| hope each of you had a good weekend. Please find language below that has been approved by FBI NY, VSD 
please email victimservices@fbi.gov. 
Attached please find signed copies of the indictment and arrest warrant referenced in the warrant application. AUSA 
I have reviewed the warrant. After the Indictment and arrest warrant are signed (around 11:30), please send me a 
pdf of the signed documents. | can then swear out the warrant around noon. Please call me with the agent on the 
Attached for the Court’s consideration, please find an amended application and amended affidavit in support of a second 
If at all possible, we would be extremely grateful if the agent could please swear out this warrant today. | can be reached 
GE, and | can take the lead in coordinating interviews, but we would appreciate it if you guys would please take 
the lead on preparing a photobook/array, tracking down the records, and reviewing the search warrant materials. Please 
In the first instance, please let me know if | am getting any of that wrong, and second, understanding that the 
photographs of any physical photos at those locations? If you could please let us know any sense of possibility / timing on 
others who have been specifically authorized to receive it. If you are not the intended recipient, please do not 
read, copy, use or disclose the contents of this communication to others. Please notify the sender that you have 
received this email in error by replying to the email or by — Please then delete the 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
In the first instance, please let me know if | am getting any of that wrong, and second, understanding that the 
photographs of any physical photos at those locations? If you could please let us know any sense of possibility / timing on 
others who have been specifically authorized to receive it. If you are not the intended recipient, please do not 
read, copy, use or disclose the contents of this communication to others. Please notify the sender that you have 
received this email in error by replying to the email or by telephoning | Please then delete the 
substance is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return 
| would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. 
please advise whether that is correct? We — my colleagues i and | — can be reached 
anytime at these email addresses, or please let us know if you would prefer to set up a time to discuss via phone. 
a 2": «both copied here—please feel free to be in touch with any or all of us anytime that 
information contained in or attached to this message is strictly prohibited. Please notify the sender of your 
Please let us know what days and time ranges would be even conceivably possible next week, and also if your 
impossible to talk before Tuesday, we have 2:30 in our calendar for then, but with a hard stop at 3:30 so please 
opportunity. If you could please let us know what dates and times you are available in the ranges of January 15- 
scheduling, but we had anticipated trying to see if we could schedule a call in the coming days. Please let us 
please delete it without reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended to waive any applicable privilege. 
Please do not disseminate this message without the permission of the author. Any tax advice contained in this 
Please use the following dial-in: 
without a written consent of the sender. If you received this message by mistake, please reply to this message and follow with its deletion, so that we can ensure such a mistake 
a written consent of the sender. If you received this message by mistake, please reply to this message and follow with its deletion, so that we can ensure such a mistake does not 
2015/2016 to raise questions about the Epstein plea deal in Florida. Apparently through (with?) their attorney, 
Attached please find a courtesy copy of today’s ECF fling. 
above-described regulations. If you choose to submit a written request, please send it directly to 
Please contact me once you have had a chance to review this letter if you would like to 
discuss a few other clients who we haven't listed below. Please just let me know if you have a moment tomorrow 
Thank you so much. Can we please plan on lpm ET? 
tomorrow. Would it be possible to move this call either to 1pm ET or to 3pm ET, please? 
Please click the link below to join the Zoom Meeting 
Please dial: oe 
Please join just a few minutes prior to the start time so the call can begin right away. 
Please confirm you've received and thank you. 
Yes, | am available for a call tomorrow (Wednesday 8/12) at 2pm Eastern Time. Please let me know what number to call. 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING 
Hi RMP, Please see the attached ECC request package for AUSA 
If required, please inform the traveler how to determine who the POC is for this trip. 
Please advise the traveler of any additional steps they may need take. 
Hi a. Please let EOUSA know if you have checked to see if a visa is required for your destination. 
planning to get tested tomorrow in order to make sure we have results before flying, but please let us know as soon as 
smaller number travel to the UK. Please let us know what she prefers. 
the other day, so she has seen our faces. Please let us know if she is not comfortable with that group, so that we can 
before we can move any further in the approval process. If you could please let us know whether these dates 
If you could please let us know your availability, we’d very much appreciate it, and we'll keep you updated when 
She did also ask if you were travelling to the UK at any point so. | said not but if | am wrong please do let me know. 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the sender immediately, destroy the 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at www fieldfisher.com 
available Thursday 2:30-5 and Friday 2-4. Please let me know if those times work for you. 
So sorry to bother you, but we wanted to follow up on scheduling in light of our pre-trial motion opposition deadline. Can you please 
scheduling. Can you please let us know some days and times that would be convenient for you to speak by phone early next week if 
Can you please let us know some times that work for you? 
Also happy to have a call if that’s easier, or if there’s someone else we should reach out to, please let me know. 
connection with our ongoing investigation, please feel free to give us a call if/when that happens. 
Hi guys, would one of you please send me the notes from the Jj interview when you have the chance? 
Final voucher 10893150(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please Jet us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being 
getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
1/20/53. The ky seeking detention in this case, and if you have any questions please feel free to give me 
Can you please provide me with his pedigree information, a copy of the charging instrument and the estimated time of 
received this transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original transmission and its 
unsealed tomorrow morning and publicly available. Please let us know tomorrow if you have any difficulty and we can 
It was a pleasure talking to you today. As we discussed, | am authorized to accept service of the subpoena for testimony 
received this transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original transmission and its 
listen to or watch. Can we please make an effort to get him reading material, his radio and the accompanying batteries. 
Can you please take steps to see to that all of this material be returned to him immediately. 
distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please 
in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being 
getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
Bond hearing i | Bond signing | Change of plea | | 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Multifunction Printer. 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com 
Attached please find a draft search warrant for the NY residence. | haveles the affiant, but let me know if | should 
switch that tol or someone else. Also, please give me a call if you have any revisions or would like to discuss. Plan is 
nothing to read, listen to or watch. Can we please make an effort to get him reading material, his radio and the 
staff at MCC. Can you please take steps to see to that all of this material be returned to him immediately. 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
Could you please pull Epstein’s most recent SORNA registration documents? It looks like the filing we have is from April 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the 
distribute or copy this communication. If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, ar copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
Please let me know if you have any questions at all, or if it would be useful to talk further before Friday, and thank you 
Also, notwithstanding what the form says, please do NOT email it down to DC — please send it back to me. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please contact me immediately. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete 
Please explain why delivery of Ms. Maxwell’s mail has been delayed. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Thanks, could you please also redact ( address and phone number on GX 607? 
e GX 313 — photo of GM including nudity (just making sure you see for redacting). Please cut “(nude)” from the 
description in the index, please. Add the appropriate asterisk. 
e There is no GX 419. Can you please fill the gap? Or shift things up? Sorry about that! 
Please immediately provide an explanation for the delay as it will be reported to the Court. 
If you have received this transmission in crror, please notify the sender immediately by reply ¢-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. 
Please let us know when it arrives. 
plan to put the drive in the mail tomorrow, and of course please let us 
you please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it’s our understanding that hard drives with discovery 
Please let us Know when it arrives. 
That’s extremely helpful, thanks so much. We'll plan to put the drive in the mail tomorrow, and of course please let us 
you please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it’s our understanding that hard drives with discovery 
TELEPHONED | PLEASE CALL 
PLEASE CALL 
[TELEPHONED ~=— | 1 | PLEASECALL | 
PLEASE CALL 
| PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED AE PLEASE CALL 
| PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED | PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED || PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED - T PLEASE CALL = 
TELEPHONED | PLEASE CALL 
them extremely uncomfortable and then he eventually pleaded guilty to those offenses,” the 
you have any specific concerns about this topic please let us know, we are happy to discuss, and we appreciate 
I expect we will reach out later this week to set up a time for a call to discuss next steps, but of course please 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are here, and we will 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any reason: gga 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know 
up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
access to email, so cannot review drafts, discovery or pleadings, without waiting for 
the mail, the opportunity to review and mark-up, and then mailing the pleadings back. 
e Yes, please send over the copy of the gj transcript disc when you can. 
e Yes, please get us the paper evidence from NY, VI, and Reiter as soon as you can. 
on which they conduct data extractions. We need that for all of the extractions in this case, please (It may not 
through for [J so she can see it. If not, please let me know. 
“Message pad scans” folder. Would you please get us a scans of these without post-its on them? 
Would you please get us copies of those returns? 
please be able to get us these this week? 
scanned, including anything seized during any searches. Please produce to SDNY all of those scans, except any 
nude or partially nude images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how 
platform for review. Then please produce to SDNY a copy all of those materials, except any nude or partially 
nude images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such images 
Please let me know if you have any questions or if it would be useful to hop on a call. 
| hope all is well. Can you please bring this letter to the attention of the judge? Note that | copied the lawyer for the MCC 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
Could you please save these in the witness folder? Thanks. 
the case and knows both and the facts very well. Please include [Jin any follow-up that you may. 
Please let us know what other information we can provide or if you have any further questions. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1] 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please notice that the fax is in fact from iT i i iii 
Enclosed please find a copy of the transfer taxes paid, given to you off the 
repaying her theft with paintings. Please find printouts of my message sheet 
her hardly disturbed attitude. Enclosed please find additional 
Please pay me the minimum courtesy and deny to me in writing the 
Please let us know if you have any additional questions, and in particular whether any other information from us 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
| spoke to aaa and she and I can meet with you on Wednesday, March 4"" at 2:00 p.m. Please confirm that works 
for your team. Can you also please send me the street address for your building so | can get that to (A. 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
4) Could you please send us the current tracking document for the hotline? It would be helpful for us to check 
6) Could you please send us the notes from the BB interview? 
Please do not think | forgot about you as | am working on getting this hard drive out the door today. | will give you a call 
| am available for a call between 9 — 11 am this morning and between 12:30 and 2 PM today. Please let me know what 
responsiveness review of the Epstein SW returns on Relativity, please? 
Attached is the data that needs to be added to the Maxwell hard drive copy, and then sent to a. Please let me know if 
Thanks so much for all of your help yesterday! Whenever this Maxwell drive is copied, would you please send the copy to 
| hope you’re well! We received another hard drive that is to be loaded onto Relativity. Would you please make a copy of 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Hope you’re doing well. For the relativity database “U.S. v. Epstein (SW Returns),” could you please create the following as 
Chiefs and Project Safe Childhood Coordinator, please remind the assigned AUSA to make updates in their 
Could you please send us the notes and 302 from the most recent interview of x? 
Attached please find a letter responding to your correspondence of September 21, 2020 and October 1, 2020 regarding 
the secure laptop. Please let me know what day or days you would like to schedule such a visit for next week, and | will 
17, JE, , plea_agreement.docx 
Could we please schedule a call to discuss this portion of Judge Nathan’s opinion (on page 8): 
regardless of address or routing, is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender 
intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this message and any attachment from your 
Okay, thanks for informing me [. Please let me know ASAP the definite date(s) you would like to schedule the 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
element, we’d like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
All — Attached please find our submission regarding I. We had a very lengthy discussion with Jj this 
our meeting? Please advise. 
As discussed, attached please find a second subpoena with an accompanying non-disclosure order. Please feel free to 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in 
of this subpoena, even after the 180-day period, please advise me before you do so, in case 
Please provide any and all records reflecting the names of all students who attended Interlochen 
by an executed copy of the attached Declaration of Custodian of Records. PLEASE PROVIDE 
Would you please help us book travel to Pensacola, FL and back for next week? I'd like refundable tickets for the following 
flights, please: 
Please make sure the tickets are refundable just in case we need to move things around. We are still waiting to hear back 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), J and | would like to please 
element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a second subpoena with an accompanying non-disclosure order. Please feel free to 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Ah, possibly it’s the “2020-01-23” folder under Subpoena Returns? If so, J can we please (1) move that to under 
complete, but hopefully we’re getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be 
with the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by JJ (copied 
here)? I’ve left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
The bus carried a large picture of the prince accompanied by the message -- “If you see this man please ask him to call 
on the fifth floor of 500 Pearl for the review. Would you please send me a list of the names of everyone who you expect 
Below please find responses to the issues you raised: 
files” being the standard then. Can you please confirm? | know that Chris has written separately about the many files for 
“Missing from Assigned Box” items — can you please provide more of an explanation for all “missing items”? 
week of April 19". Please just let me know what day you prefer, and we will coordinate with the FBI to arrange for the 
the “excluded from transportation” items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at i. 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and | will inquire as 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
o Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
« As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
e Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
on the fifth floor of S00 Pearl for the review. Would you please send me a list of the names of everyone who you expect 
Below please find responses to the issues you raised: 
files” being the standard then. Can you please confirm? | know that Chris has written separately about the many files for 
“Missing from Assigned Box” items — can you please provide more of an explanation for all “missing items”? 
week of April 19". Please just let me know what day you prefer, and we will coordinate with the FBI to arrange for the 
the “excluded from transportation” items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at i. 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and | will inquire as 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
o Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
« Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
« Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
currently intend to call as witnesses at trial in the above-referenced case. Attached please find an 
index detailing the materials included in today’s production. Please note that both the index and 
designated as “confidential” under the Protective Order. Please note that many of these 
EE, please let me know if this time doesn’t work—Russell has availability tomorrow as well. Thanks. 
Please use dial in I with passcode yy. 
Please use dial in I with passcode yy. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
In advance of the 10:00 call, please find attached a letter to Judge Engelmayer re: Noe/ and next steps in the Epstein FOIA. 
Please let me know if you have any edits or concerns, or we can discuss on the call. 
© For adolescent, certain kinds of touch can be pleasurable even if abusive in nature; 
© LR read some articles that raised questions about the initial plea deal that Epstein 
deleted all PI. This bulletin outlines approved method of data destruction; please see Appendix 1, which begins on page 26: 
such as by email) unless encrypted using a NIST FIPS 140-2 approved product. Please note that this requirement refers to 
negotiations. To facilitate discussion of next steps, attached please find the full collection of defense submissions we have 
Attached please find SDNY’s response to the transition team’s request for significant, non-public matters. Please let us 
take a copy of the front and back of the journal book which she did. Hope this helps. Please let me know if you need 
you could please check to see whether that is true, and if so please send us the 302? 
Please note that any future inquiries about this or any other case brought by the Office should be directed toward me or 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
you please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as 
prefer to just get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials 
GE. following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
wanted to see what the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if 
could to convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to 
complete transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the 
Also, §§. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | 
For any active case or matter involving either Debevoise & Plimpton, or Lankler Siffert & Wohl,* please advise 
| understand that some number of the devices are ready to come to us as early as today or tomorrow. Could you please 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [J please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
As requested, please find attached the payment information we identified for the names/entities you requested, as well 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
' Please note that the account statement for this transaction lists the entity as “BV 70th LLC” instead of “BV70 LLC. 
Please let me know if you have any questions or if | can be of any further assistance. 
Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation: 
We understand that you have time constraints. Please let us know how you want to proceed so that we can file a 
this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at (212) 349-0230 and by return e-mail, and 
I'm also copying my co-counsellH please include them on emails going forward. Finally, i 
Thanks, and please feel free to give us a call to discuss. 
Please send us a copy of the disclosure that you are considering as to Mr. J. Seeing the planned 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that upon the Declaration of Haley N. Proctor, dated December 
PLEASE TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that any response or objection to the motion should 
Thank you for reaching out. I have some availability for a phone call today around 1:30/2 p.m. Please let 
Can you please review the following searches 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Yes, please exclude the “Junk Search Terms (From)” hits from the responsiveness search. Once the search for the 
responsiveness terms are run, please save the search so that we can take a look. | do not expect we will ask to batch 
Thanks i. | think we'd like to scrap this second search entirely. So please only keep the first search entitled “Epstein - 
Junk Search Terms (From)” and tag those hits as junk. Please run the responsiveness search terms on all of the remaining 
good to me. Please tag all of those as junk. 
caught up a number of non-email documents. Would it be possible to run this search only on emails files, please? 
Can you please review the following searches 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Please approve her travel to the U.K. 
Please forward your USA approval for tip ID 11312503, so | can approve your travel authorization? 
Hi RMP, Please see the attached ECC request package for AUSA 
If required, please inform the traveler how to determine who the POC is for this trip. 
Please advise the traveler of any additional steps they may need take. 
Hi 9, Please let EOUSA know if you have checked to see if a visa is required for your destination. 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
Thanks very mucha The MDC cover letters look good to me. Please just change the date to 10/20 because these 
password to be sent in a separate envelope to MDC). Please review at your convenience; once you approve, I'll have both 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Attached please find a copy of the Government’s letter response to the defense’s motion for an adjournment of trial in 
In addition, attached please find a supplemental letter addressing the request for an adjournment, which the Government 
those records for IM? Please feel free to give me a call on this. 
Just wanted to follow up on getting the folder “1B 1-14” on USAfx. Please let us know when you've been able to upload it, 
please grab the CD and load its contents onto the Epstein share? You can save everything from the CD here: 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
This is the letter that we intend to send to the congressional leaders. Please review and let me know if you have 
Nothing further from me, but please fill out and return more formal lit hold form that he 
Please let me know if any additional action is required. 
All — Please see below and follow fiinstructions. Additionally, if you believe there are others at SDNY to whom this 
email should be sent, please let me know immediately. 
Please forward this to everyone who might have any documents relating to the Epstein suicide, and cc me: 
Please make sure to preserve any documents you may have relating to Epstein’s conditions of confinement. 
e If you have any hard-copy notes, please scan them and send them to me. If you have none, let me know 
. Most particularly, please check to see if you have texted anything pertinent. If so let me know, one 
and weight) for Could you please get us this information? 
please reach out tof to set these up: 
Please let me know. 
Please let me know what information you need from me to arrange flights/hotel stay for Ms. 
private information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the 
subpoena on her behalf. Please see attached. 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
Attached please find my completed form. The USAO number for the portion of the case that | worked on is 2018R01618. 
Please let me know if you need anything else. 
Please note and preserve whatever you have about Mr. Epstein, not limited to his death and to the earlier reported 
incident in which he suffered physical injuries. In addition, to the extent possible, please avoid altering any relevant 
records. If you need to use existing documents, please save what you’re working off of as a new document so that the 
| attach a formal litigation hold notice, which as required is on an EOUSA-provided form. Please review the notice, fill out 
Please let me know if you think other USAO personnel may have relevant documents or evidence. 
And please let me know if you have questions or want to discuss. 
All — Please see below and follow instructions. Additionally, if you believe there are others at SDNY to whom this 
email should be sent, please let me know immediately. 
Please forward this to everyone who might have any documents relating to the Epstein suicide, and cc me: 
Please make sure to preserve any documents you may have relating to Epstein’s conditions of confinement. 
e = If you have any hard-copy notes, please scan them and send them to me. If you have none, let me know 
e Most particularly, please check to see if you have texted anything pertinent. If so let me know, one way 
would escort us, and we will not speak to any of the guards present given the ongoing investigations. Please give me 
to view at 290 Broadway please let me know and | will coordinate. 
imposed by the district court following his guilty plea conviction. We affirm. 
safety check forms. Pursuant to a written plea agreement, Hernandez pled 
his plea agreement, Hernandez waived his right to appeal his conviction but 
district court accepted the plea agreement and entered judgment in accordance 
Following up on our conversation from earlier today, please find attached the charging instruments from the Northern 
case. Please let us know if you have any questions. Thank you. 
2021.04.19 LAM Joint Letter with BSF re_redactions in Rule_17_ pleadings [Governm 
any redactions they are requesting to the above. Please confirm that you agree the above set of 
of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this 
2021.04.19 LAM _ Joint Letter with BSF re redactions in Rule_17_pleadings.pdf; 2021- 
any redactions they are requesting to the above. Please confirm that you agree the above set of 
of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this 
Pursuant to this Court’s Order of April 20, 2021 (Dkt. 221), attached please find counsel’s Letter Motion for an 
Pursuant to this Court’s Order of April 20, 2021 (Dkt. 221), attached please find counsel’s Letter Motion for an 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
As discussed, please feel free to have [J call me to discuss what briefing materials he needs. 
| am requesting emails for the following people, please let me know if there are any additions. 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
My HQ has the following question on the underlying case, can you please forward this to the prosecutors on the 
Please see attached rider. Personal appearance is not required if the requested records are (1) produced on or 
Please provide any and all documents, to include, but not limited to those identified below, for the period 
If the subpoenaed records indicated on the rider are eligible for reimbursement, please complete section B 
Please send your invoice to the above address within 60 days of the submission of the subpoenaed records. 
Please see attached rider. Personal appearance is not required if the requested records are (1) produced on or 
Please provide any and all documents, to include, but not limited to those identified below, for the period 
If the subpoenaed records indicated on the rider are eligible for reimbursement, please complete section B 
Please send your invoice to the above address within 60 days of the submission of the subpoenaed records. 
Please see attached rider. Personal appearance ts not required if the requested records are (1) produced on or 
Please provide any and all documents, to include, but not limited to those identified below, for the period 
If the subpoenaed records indicated on the rider are eligible for reimbursement, please complete section B 
Please send your invoice to the above address within 60 days of the submission of the subpoenaed records. 
Please see attached rider. Personal appearance is not required if the requested records are (1) produced on or 
Please provide any and all documents, to include, but not limited to those identified below, for the period 
If the subpoenaed records indicated on the rider are eligible for reimbursement, please complete section B 
Please send your invoice to the above address within 60 days of the submission of the subpoenaed records. 
Please see attached rider. Personal appearance is not required if the requested records are (1) produced on or 
Please provide any and all documents, to include, but not limited to those identified below, for the period 
If the subpoenaed records indicated on the rider are eligible for reimbursement, please complete section B 
Please send your invoice to the above address within 60 days of the submission of the subpoenaed records. 
Please see attached rider. Personal appearance is not required if the requested records are (1) produced on or 
Please provide any and all documents, to include, but not limited to those identified below, for the period 
If the subpoenaed records indicated on the rider are eligible for reimbursement, please complete section B 
Please send your invoice to the above address within 60 days of the submission of the subpoenaed records. 
Please see attached rider. Personal appearance is not required if the requested records are (1) produced on or 
Please provide any and all documents, to include, but not limited to those identified below, for the period 
If the subpoenaed records indicated on the rider are eligible for reimbursement, please complete section B 
Please send your invoice to the above address within 60 days of the submission of the subpoenaed records. 
Please see attached rider. Personal appearance is not required if the requested records are (1) produced on or 
Please provide any and all documents, to include, but not limited to those identified below, for the period 
If the subpoenaed records indicated on the rider are eligible for reimbursement, please complete section B 
Please send your invoice to the above address within 60 days of the submission of the subpoenaed records. 
If invoicing for these services is expected to exceed 120 days, please notify the United States Attorney's Office immediately to ensure funds remain available 
for payment. Please see the attached Important Notice for additional information on invoicing and other requirements for reimbursement. 
Subject: RE: JE state plea transcript 
i FW: JE state plea transcript 
Just FYI, flagged this to the team yesterday re: his state plea transcript and meant to send it to you both as well. 
— JE state plea transcript 
Check out pages 38-39 of his state plea: 
of this plea agreement. In other words, they have signed off and said they will not prosecute Mr. Epstein in the Southern 
District of Florida for any offense upon his successful taking of his plea today. That is a confidential document that the 
shall we say, to your taking this plea is that the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of the State of Florida, federal 
The prosecutor then notes that SDFL people (“they”) were in court for the plea. 
Eras For a matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA ee ee | 
Hey no attachment, please re-send? Thanks. 
you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the e-mail or any attachments. Instead, please 
you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the e-mail or any attachments. Instead, please 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
assistance in connection with United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact au ii a For all other matters, 
please contact ui Thank you. 
Attached you will find a copy of Case No. 19-CR-490 as requested. Please confirm delivery. 
Please see attached for your review. We tried to keep this as brief as possible while still accurately describing the contents 
Do not reply to this message. If you have questions, please use the contacts in the 
Please let me know if you need anything else. 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
> Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
Enclosed please find a request for urgent assistance concerning the above-referenced matter. 
assistance in this matter is greatly appreciated. Please do not hesitate to contact me at 
HE, please let me know what you prefer for stamping the JPMC returns. I’m happy to coordinate! 
My preference would be to use the same stamp we used in our most recent productions, but please let me know if that 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Thanks so much, [j! For the index and the cover letter, would you please break out the “FBI Recovered Metadata” 
Also, I'd like to add the following language below the index in the cover letter, please: 
“Please note that the files recovered from discs seized from Jeffrey Epstein’s New York residence and the De-Designated 
HE, please let me know what you prefer for stamping the JPMC returns. I’m happy to coordinate! 
My preference would be to use the same stamp we used in our most recent productions, but please let me know if that 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
Please note that the files recovered from discs seized from Jeffrey Epstein’s New York 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Would one of you please save the attached in the testifying witness 3500 folder and the witness folder for Larry Visoski on 
Would one of you please save the attached in the testifying witness 3500 folder and the witness folder for Larry Visoski on 
so that Maxwell can use headphones to listen to the recordings. Would it be possible to ask someone from IT to please 
her, please. 
HE if you could please try her this week? Her attorney said she’s not great at following up, but we can give it a shot 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
If you no longer represent Ms. J please let us know so that we can reach out to her directly. 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
Pleasure talking with you on Friday. 
If you find them, please forward a copy to us so we can give to her. This is something she has been asking me to get for years, but I 
As always, please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions or concerns. 
Please let us know what commitment the government is able to make in this regard. 
It was a pleasure to see you in person last week. Thank you for being so accommodating and kind during my trip down 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Could you please create a potential testifying witness folder for IM and include the attached items? 
enforcement. You emailed my attorney Mr. Robert Lewis. | am writing you to please do not under estimate Mr. 
If you wish to discuss these matters, please do not hesitate to call. 
regardless of address or routing, is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender 
from ipm to 3pm. Is there a time in any of those windows when we could have a call, please? 
Ok for me to park at 1 St. Andrews on 4/13 through 4/16 so that | can be present for this review, please? 
Would it be possible to please have Maxwell produced on April 13" and every day thereafter until the review is 
Please use dial in I with passcode yy. 
Could you please update the outstanding requests log and the subpoena log tomorrow? Thank you! 
you might need a subpoena—please let me know. 
update the victim website with these dates, please? 
Attached please find a request for J to travel to SDNY for trial prep with me this month. I'll need to meet 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
any questions about the rule or the order, please let us know. 
to know soon if it’s necessary. Please let me know if we’re on track to have the Tartaglione review for the second half of 
Also, if there is any portion finished and it can be easily sent my way, please do that so | can get BOP started on it. 
If there are any questions please contact either [i 
Attached please find your flight itinerary and hotel confirmation. Delancey Car Service will pick you up at the airport when 
the hotel. Please give me a call when your meeting is complete and | will have the car service pick you up to take you back 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you today. Attached please find the accompanying cover 
Thank you very much. Would you have time for a quick call to discuss, please? 
Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
reliance on this information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: 
Wednesday afternoon, or anytime Thursday, please. I’ve got a lengthy grand jury presentation to make on Tuesday. 
litigating whether the CVRA applies in the context of a pre-indictment plea (the issue is currently before the Eleventh 
New York intends to issue a felony plea offer to anindiidualnamed I, who is also known as 
HR is currently not charged with any criminal offenses, and this office has not yet extended any plea offer to her. 
If you have any questions about the felony plea offer, or if you wish to inform the prosecutor of your views regarding a 
potential plea agreement, please contact the prosecutors in this case by [date]. This office will not issue a plea offer 
speak with the prosecutors in this case, please either ask your attorney to contact the prosecutors directly, or if you are 
not represented by counsel, please contact I Victim / Witness Coordinator, at I. 
If a plea hearing is scheduled in this case, we will notify you of available information as soon as practicable. 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, {§. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Please find attached an order signed by Judge Nathan, which will be filed under seal. 
meaningful discussions about a possible resolution. When you've spoken with J could you please let us know 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
any questions please feel free to call or email me. 
received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this e-mail. 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
you please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early 
prefer to just get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials 
HE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
wanted to see what the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m 
could to convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, J, please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think 
you please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as 
prefer to just get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials 
GE. following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
wanted to see what the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if 
could to convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to 
complete transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the 
Also, i. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | 
When you have a second, could you please add [J to the Press Office and Epstein Trust meetings next 
you please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as 
prefer to just get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
wanted to see what the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if 
could to convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to 
complete transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the 
Also, I. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
After Monday’s bizarre and insulting appearance of Geoffrey Berman, please may | arrange a call with you all, at your earliest 
Also happy to have a call if that’s easier, or if there’s someone else we should reach out to, please let me know. 
Please open and send me whole article; | am having hard time getting full article open 
Chiefs: below is the draft daily press guidance for tomorrow, Wednesday, July 31, 2019. Please reply with any 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS 
not get anything more, but let us know if we do that you want to see it. IJ please 
not get anything more, but let us know if we do that you want to see it. I, please 
Thanks for this. We've provided some proposed edits to the focus group questionnaire in the attached. Please confirm 
Please try to keep comments to a minimum. 
The Jury Instructions are ready to print. Please bring 40 copies (stapled upper left) with you to the focus group on Saturday. 
Can you please (1) PDF the attached letters; (2) place the PDF of the letter rein each of their NTW 
prep for that, could you please put together a binder of the 302s of her interviews? (J can point you to the 
Please feel free to reach out to me at your earliest convenience to discuss further. 
you received this e-mail by accident, please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail and all 
Please add tol 3500 and witness folder. Thanks! 
Please feel free to reach out to me at your earliest convenience to discuss further. 
accident, please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail and all copies of it. 
Please call when you get this information. 
It was nice talking with you yesterday. Thanks for your assistance with this. Please see the below email of aircraft 
Please let me know if | left something out that would be able to assist you in any way. 
questions regarding compliance. Could you please let me know your availability for a call? 
Subject: FW: JE state plea transcript 
Attachments: Epstein state plea_transcript.pdf 
Just FYI, flagged this to the team yesterday re: his state plea transcript and meant to send it to you both as well. 
Subject: JE state plea transcript 
Check out pages 38-39 of his state plea: 
of this plea agreement. In other words, they have signed off and said they will not prosecute Mr. Epstein in the Southern 
District of Florida for any offense upon his successful taking of his plea today. That is a confidential document that the 
shall we say, to your taking this plea is that the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of the State of Florida, federal 
The prosecutor then notes that SDFL people (“they”) were in court for the plea. 
PLEA CONFERENCE 
15 here for a plea conference. \ 
affidavit in both cases, please? 
pleading g 
23 time of this plea. Is this the -- and the | 
THE COURT: One page after the plea 
| 3 signature on the plea sheet that recites 
4 the terms of the plea I just read? 
to be articulated in the plea sheet which 
standard conditions in the plea sheet 
5 plea sheet. That's why I'm asking the 
21 plea agreements which is why I'm asking. 
rhe THE COURT: The plea agreement stated 
referring to in the plea sheet is the one 
in a second as a part of the whole plea. 
pleading guilty to does not require the -- 
10 pleasure of having someone from the 
20 plea that you've agreed to? | 
23 about the terms of the plea? 
6 _. required by this plea. Anyone on 
15 THE COURT: Did you read the plea in 
18 this plea? 
( ) 25 are not a United States citizen your plea | 
10 other than the terms of this plea to get 
11 you to enter this plea? 
WO 14 a plea in criminal court? | 
22 . THE COURT: Is this plea in any way 
result of this plea agreement. In other 
plea today. That is a confidential 
9 say, to your taking this plea is that the 
21 plea. 
MR. GOLDBERGER: And the plea 
these pleas unless they are freely and | 
giving up by entering this plea? 
THE COURT: State, please give me a 
3 factual basis to support the pleas. 
6 this plea? 
14 with the plea? 
19 with the plea? 
plea? 
plea. 
previously entered pleas of not guilty, 
enter pleas of guilty pursuant to 
to accept those pleas on your behalf. I 
consequence of entering this plea, you are 
Pursuant to the plea, I am waiving 
I’m probably just looking in the wrong place. Could you please send me the scan? If it’s not on the shared, the original 
into a cooperation agreement, plea agreement, immunity or non-prosecution agreement. The 
Attached please find a fact witness travel request for our fist witness in the Maxwell trial. He'll be flying in 
NY for the evening of 11/30. Please let me know if you have any questions, and thank you, as always, for your help. 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
Our understanding was that the government was going to handle victim notifications and report to the Court. Please let 
Attached please find a fact witness travel request for another witness in the Maxwell trial— J. | expect 
evening of 12/3. Please let me know if you have any questions, and thank you, as always, for your help. 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Attached please find Ms. Maxwell’s response to the government’s letters, dated November 5, 2021 and November 7, 
review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify 
involving [a] . . . plea.” The notification further stated that, “[a]t this time, your case is under 
airplane. I just want to make sure that there is a factual basis for the plea that the agents can 
including a proposed plea agreement for Epstein to plead guilty to assaulting one of his 
about having Epstein plead guilty to obstruction of justice for pressuring one of his co-conspirators 
coverage significantly.” They also discussed having Epstein plead guilty to a second charge of 
“Please send [a document] to my home e-mail address — [redacted] and give me a call on my cell 
stating: “Please keep this confidential because these are minor victims. This is a preliminary list.” 
prosecutor stating: “{J— Please do whatever you can to keep this [i.e., the NPA] from becoming 
of Epstein’s: “In consideration of Epstein’s agreement to plead guilty and to provide compensation 
what crimes Mr. Epstein is pleading guilty to and the amount of time that has been 
more press coverage) if they proceed outside the Terms of the plea agreement. (Sorry — I just 
Office and asked whether he could get a copy of the indictment or plea agreement to find out 
guilty plea and what judge that will be in front of? I know the agents and | would really like to 
met in person with Jane Doe |. They explained that Epstein would plead guilty to state charges, he 
about Epstein’s plea to state charges that was part of the NPA: 
in the NPA, including that because Epstein’s plea of guilty to state charges was “part of the 
acceptance ofa plea. 42 U.S.C. 10607(c)(3). Just as in 18 U.S.C. 3771, these sections 
Agreement resolves the federal investigation by allowing Mr. Epstein to plead to a 
regarding the entry of Epstein’s guilty plea in state court. (DE 407 at 4 107.) According to Edwards, 
the line prosecutor only told him that Epstein was pleading guilty to state solicitation of prosecution. 
He was not told that the state plea was related to the federal investigation or that the state plea would 
guilty plea in the past tense: “On June 30, 2008, Jeffrey Epstein ... entered a plea of guilty to 
state court.” (DE 407 at 4 113.) Also after the plea, the line prosecutor emailed the assistant state 
that Epstein’s state guilty plea affected her rights in any way. If she had been told that the state 
plea had some connection to blocking the prosecution of her case, she would have attended and 
tried to object to the judge to prevent that plea from going forward. (Jane Doe | Decl. 4 13.) 
to the NPA when the Government filed its responsive pleading to Jane Doe’s emergency petition. 
stating “the United States has agreed to defer federal prosecution in favor of this state plea and 
that the state plea would extinguish the federal case. Petitioners also claim the Government 
assume that Epstein would plead guilty; and the line prosecutor contacted Petitioners’ attorneys 
about the state court plea hearing. The Government also claims it did not violate the right to 
involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding. 
(9) The right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or deferred 
particular statutory enforcement provision expressly refers to the reopening of a plea or sentence. 
binding effect of the NPA was contingent upon Epstein pleading guilty to the state charges, that 
Government’s intention to forego federal prosecution of Epstein in deference to him pleading 
section 3771(a)(9), which gave victims the “right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea 
certain events, such as plea agreements or deferred prosecution agreements, must be conveyed to 
interpreting the CVRA to require, such as entitlement to notice of a plea bargain. See In re Dean, 
a plea bargain”); United States v. Okun, No. CRIM. 3:08CR132, 2009 WL 790042, at *2 (E.D. 
accepting of plea agreements). 
agreements, and only informed of the more common events of plea bargains or deferred 
plea agreements, the CVRA provides victims with rights prior to the acceptance of plea 
plea agreement entered into without notice. When a plea agreement is entered into without 
Thank you for reaching out. I have some availability for a phone call today around 1:30/2 p.m. Please let me 
Attached please find the Government’s motions in limine in the above-referenced case, which the Government requests 
If you have any statement on this, please feel free to reach out. 
in our office do not respond to media inquiries, on the record, on background, or off the record. Please direct any further 
Refreshing this — please let us know? Or happy to discuss if necessary. Thanks. 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Can you please provide us a letter with the password so that we can give her the hard drive tomorrow? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF] 
Apologies, please use the attached version of SDNY_00008123 and destroy the version that | previously sent you. Thanks 
Please find attached a letter regarding the Government's discovery production in this case. We are sending a hard drive 
containing the discovery materials to you. The password on the drive is J Additionally, please find 
attached one additional page of discovery, which has been marked attorney’s eyes only. Please contact us with any 
' In addition to information provided herein, please note that this Office periodically posts content 
footage would be relevant, please contact us promptly to request that footage. 
16(a) materials, please promptly notify the Government. 
Please contact us at your earliest convenience concerning the possible disposition of this 
one-point reduction under the Sentencing Guidelines available for defendants who plead prior to 
client has not entered a plea of guilty four weeks prior to trial. We will follow this policy whether 
Please be advised, however, that pursuant to the policy of the Office concerning plea offers, 
no plea offer is effective unless and until made in writing and signed by authorized representatives 
constitute a “formal offer” or a “plea offer,” as those terms are used in Lafler v. Cooper, 132 S.Ct. 
Please find attached a letter regarding the Government's discovery production in this case. We are sending a hard drive 
containing the discovery materials to you. The password on the drive is Additionally, please find 
attached one additional page of discovery, which has been marked attorney’s eyes only. Please contact us with any 
and my colleague Qi. EEE is also traveling, so JJ is available, but please let us know if you think it would be 
Please let me know if I'm forgetting anything, and thanks very much. 
| wasn't sure if | should give her J contact info or yours. Please let me know and I'll pass that on right away. 
Separately, if it’s possible, could you please ask Ms. [J if there is a time next week or the following that we could 
attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please 
any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please 
any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please let me know if any questions at all, apologies again for any inconvenience, and thanks as always. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please let me know if any questions at all, apologies again for any inconvenience, and thanks as always. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, Jj and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HS 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Separately, if it’s possible, could you please ask Ms. aaa if there is a time next week or the following that 
email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of 
error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. 
email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of 
error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. 
GE with apologies for asking this while you’re off duty, could you please try them today, and over the weekend if you 
Judge Marra rejected the government's claim that the CVRA requires victims to be notified only of a plea bargain 
To the extent that you have debriefed any of the victims on his home(s), can you please send me the 302 if it is ready so | 
Separately, if it’s possible, could you please ask Ms. I if there is a time next week or the following that we could 
error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy al! copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you 
additional pleading listing their proposed remedies first with the Court. 
' Jane Doe | and 2 also filed a short, sealed pleading with additional remedies that are 
In quoting Jane Doe | and Jane Doe 2’s pleadings about “similarly situated victims,” the 
performance of a plea agreement because the agreement was illegal)). Jane Doe | and 2 have 
ma. who was involved in the plea discussions and was “glad” to work a deal out for reasons 
the NPA was contingent upon Epstein pleading guilty to the state charges, 
of Epstein in deference to him pleading guilty to state charges, Petitioners 
pleading setting forth their recommended remedy; Petitioners insist that the 
Based on its careful review of pleadings in this matter and discussions with 
remedy first and then amend its pleading later, if necessary, after speaking to 
reviewing the voluminous pleadings in this matter. [Doc. 448 at 1-2]. The 
2. Petitioners should file a pleading setting forth their requested remedy to 
§ 3771(d)(5). If the “victim” must make a request to reopen a plea or sentence, id., 
it is incumbent on Petitioners to file a pleading setting forth their requested 
their views on relief. Delaying the Petitioners’ pleading would force the 
Sigrid is . . . displeased. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Q2: Have you completed your travel reservations? If yes, please 
any other transportation reservations. If no, please STOP and 
Q3: Have you already obtained OIA’s approval? If yes, please 
requirement for an official passport? If yes, please attach the 
Q8: For the passport under which you will be traveling, please provide the following data: 
years? If yes, please attach the training certificate if you are 
If yes, please attach the training certificate, if you are traveling 
State Department through the eCC system? If yes, please attach 
arding travel, please provide their names, titles, organizations and contact information. 
| Q22: If U.S. Embassy or consular personnel have been involved, please provide their names, 
to administer an oath) or if office space at an Embassy or consulate is required, please specify. If 
the Embassy is coordinating lodging, please include your credit card information. 
required in the foreign country, please provide specific details about when and where services 
| Q25: Please include any other comments or details that would help the Department of State 
Q30: Who are the primary points of contact for the conference event or training program? Please 
Q31: Please provide the names, titles, offices, districts, telephone numbers, and email addresses 
Q32: Please provide the case name, USAO number, and court docket number. 
Q35: Please list the names and nationalities of persons to be interviewed or deposed, including 
Q37: Is a host country government official to be deposed or interviewed? Please provide name, 
authorities prepared to cooperate? Please explain in detail and reference the names, titles, and 
Q39: Please provide the names, titles, offices, districts, telephone numbers, and email addresses 
If you have any questions about foreign travel, please contact the EOUSA RMP Travel Unit by emailing USAEO- 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Final voucher.) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please realize that there is a great deal of apprehension amongst the public at large, and extending to some individuals in law enforcement 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
productions that PAE prepared. Would you please take a look and let me know when would be a good time this week for 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify 
productions that PAE prepared. Would you please take a look and let me know when would be a good time this week for 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
Monday when we could please have a call to check in and get an update? In particular, it would be useful to talk through 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
hotel to the travel card, which is incorrect—the entirety of the hotel was paid on my personal card (please see attached 
Please let me know when it’s corrected and I'll review again. Thanks. 
Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
invoice, which is attached again. (Or please let me know if I’m supposed to be reimbursed for the maximum daily 
Please let me know when it is corrected and | will review it again. 
Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please see the attached letter. 
Please see attached. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e 
information solely for the use of the intended recipient. If you received this message in error, please delete the message 
f the email, please be aware that any unauthonzed revic 
Counsel, please state your name for the record beginning with 
THE COURT: Please. 
FYI, please see below. Happy to discuss. 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review. use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, ar copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
(twice), the additional time was provided to compensate for the delay. Please understand that while we are 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
and weight) for. Could you please get us this information? 
please reach out tof to set these up: 
Please let me know if you need anything else. 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
The autopsy is happening this morning. We will continue to keep you posted. Please let us know if you have 
Please see attached. 
Please include [J in these emails. 
Please give me a call or you can give me the nearest airport when you want to leave Australia and your 
copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify 
conspirators. Please let us know if you need any additional information. 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
Please see the attached correspondence from Chief Deputy Attomey General Clara Moran. 
locate. Please let me know if you have availability on either of those days. 
collection, in particular, please let us know. And if a call on those issues would be helpful, happy to set one up. 
for a quick call? If so, please let us know what might work for you. 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
would be useful for us to know as we continue our investigation, please let us know. 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
My HQ has the following question on the underlying case, can you please forward this to the prosecutors on the 
Please see attached for your review. We tried to keep this as brief as possible while still accurately describing the contents 
Please advise the quickest way to accomplish this. 
| think for now please just pass along any request that comes in to me. I’ve let BOP know about this, and can pass along 
Please advise the quickest way to accomplish this. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Thanks for all of your help. Can you please (1) remove the responsiveness review field; and (2) create the following 
Please let us know if you have any questions. 
When you rename this folder, could you please also break the folder into review batches of 500-documents each, and 
Thanks very much for the quick response. We would like all tags in one field with check boxes, please. We want to be 
Also, in the same “US v Epstein” database, would it be possible to please rename the folder entitled “Florida Investigation 
For that database, would you please help us create the below tags? 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
reference, attached are the cover letters. Would you (or someone at the MDC) please keep an eye out for this and make 
Will, when | get the email with the info about how to download the file, I'll forward it to you. Would you please download 
you have any questions, please contact our office at 
Will, when | get the email with the info about how to download the file, I'll forward it to you. Would you please download 
you have any questions, please contact our office at 
Will, would you please review these and let me know if there’s anything you think | need to check? 
Please review the documents and let me know if anything needs to be adjusted with the production. 
| know you want to produce these documents can you please tell me the following: 
Also please note that once the documents have been loaded to Relativity there is no way to run any searches for 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
you learn about it twice instead of never being aware of this proof. At the state court plea hearing, Epstein’s 
you please call me PS - two of my clients have advised me that they have contacted the FBI. 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Hey could | ask you to please give Mike a call this morning just so he knows you got his voicemail the other day? And 
you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please 
Can we please add these to the pending production to send out tonight? They should marked confidential. The black 
| would also like a list of the inmates that were on that tier on August 9th, 2019. Also, please provide the information 
Please advise the quickest way to accomplish this. 
Please notify me when these specific items have been obtained by MDC and given to Ms. Maxwell. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please confirm IMMEDIATELY the status of these items on your end. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
If you received this in error, please contact the sender Isabel Maxwell at Tel ind delete the 
Please let us know if you would like us to add any redactions to these versions, and we'll get them filed. With respect to 
If you have any questions or would like to discuss further, please do not hesitate to contact 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e- 
Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
please assist with the tax issue. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please 
like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to 
like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for 
ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
minors for sexual activity, [J and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
lineal and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please file this, which includes my response, in some appropriate place. Thanks. 
handle the disposition of Epstein’s property. | was assigned to respond to this. Please advise. 
from ODAG (see email attached), this has been assigned to USAO-SDNY for handling. Please let me know if you have any 
planning to get tested tomorrow in order to make sure we have results before flying, but please let us know as soon as 
smaller number travel to the UK. Please let us know what she prefers. 
other day, so she has seen our faces. Please let us know if she is not comfortable with that group, so that we can plan 
we can move any further in the approval process. If you could please let us know whether these dates work for you 
If you could please let us know your availability, we’d very much appreciate it, and we'll keep you updated when we 
She did also ask if you were travelling to the UK at any point so. | said not but if |! am wrong please do let me know. 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. [f you receive this message in error, please contact the sender immediately, destroy the email 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at www_fieldfisher.com. 
want to emphasize that this is not a plea offer or a proposal, but we are passing this along since you've asked us to send 
she needs Judge Karas to modify the order to allow her to receive the documents, so please don’t send them to 
| just wanted to give you the disc for a case file for physical records. Sorry again! And yeah, if you could please retain the 
| hope that’s helpful, and keeps the gears turning, and please let us know if additional information would be useful. 
the list of attorneys, please let me know so we can address it without delay. We have enough legal issues... 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of 
hearing on Thursday, unless it is important to receive them before then, in which case please let me know and I'll try to 
aren't able to connect today please let me know, but hopefully we can get it coordinated. The contact is Special 
Wanted to send this to you as well in case your co-counsel can’t receive it in the Court. Please let me know if it 
arraignment referred by Judge Berman, attached please find a memorandum from the government on the issue of 
Please let me know if there is a good time for a call tomorrow to discuss the update letter that is due this Friday. 
Attached please find a letter, which we just filed on ECF, informing the Court that although our office generally has no 
Is there a time in the next couple days when we could have a quick phone call to check in on these topics, please? 
Please see attached order Judge Nathan issued. Can we please schedule a call tomorrow to discuss? Please let us know 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Thanks, Jeff. Should we connect with him directly, or would you like to be on the call? Please let me know whether you'll 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Following up on our conversation, could you please let us know when works to have a call with the records custodian 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
applicable law. If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
still be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
applicable law. If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Would you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his 
applicable law. If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
Would you please book her travel? Info is below: 
Please let me know if you have any questions or need any additional information. 
Please let me know how you plan to proceed. 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
Please make sure to use the file path field which will contain the NYC number. Please see screenshot below: 
document. Would you be able to help me with that again, please? 
Attached please find the Government’s letter regarding Minor Victim-3, and a letter with proposed redactions. Pursuant 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
categories. Could you please fill those in after you've had a chance to enter all the data from the defense? I’m fine with 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see the attached correspondence of today’s date. 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed index, and the enclosed materials are governed 
Attached please find a joint letter regarding the parties’ proposals for logistics related to the use of pseudonyms. 
subcategories. Could you please take a look at the letter and put copies of the bates numbers the defense has identified 
Hi MB could you please save these on the shared? Thanks! 
Attached please find an order issued by Judge Nathan, which will be filed on the docket tomorrow morning. 
of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please erase all 
FYI - can we please make sure the case agents accompany [J and other AUSAs to/from court. 
that “a plea agreement in one U.S. Attorney’s office does not, unless otherwise stated, bind 
another.” United States v. Prisco, 391 F. App’x 920, 921 (2d Cir. 2010) (“A plea agreement binds 
only the office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it 
which presumes a narrow reading of the boundaries of a plea agreement unless a defendant can 
pleading guilty to counts relating to “obstruction,” as well as “harassment,” with reference to 
that the defendant could plead guilty to 18 U.S.C. § 403, that is, a knowing or intentional violation 
possible obstruction plea that “could rely on the incident where Mr. Epstein’s private investigators 
Under that deal, Mr. Epstein pleaded guilty to state prostitution charges and spent about a year in a Palm 
The plea agreement granted Mr. Epstein immunity from federal prosecution and let him plead guilty to two 
prostitution charges in state court. Federal prosecutors arranged for the plea deal to be kept secret from Mr. 
In April, a federal judge ruled that prosecutors had violated the law in offering the plea agreement without 
This message may be privileged and confidential. If received in error, please delete it. All applicable privileges are reserved. 
Please work on this as quickly as you can. Thanks! 
Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation: 
@ EF. ARRAIGNED: PLEADS NOT GUILTY &CONFERENCE BEFORE DJ.ON_ 7 -O YF 
continue to work to obtain the missing items and will send them as | receive any additional documents. Please let me know 
attached the DOJ Ethics Handbook here. If there is something specific you're looking for, please let 
Can you please address the questions/discrepancies noted below. Much appreciated. 
Please work on this as quickly as you can. Thanks! 
Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation: 
| graciously and respectfully ask that you back my campaign. Thank you to everyone who have already generously donated. Please 
Attached please find a subpoena for recordings of Jeffrey Epstein’s phone calls, excluding any attorney calls. 
In addition to the materials requested in the enclosed subpoena, please accept our written request for the e-mail 
we could receive the requested materials as soon as possible. As always, please feel free to call ith 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
Appreciate the courtesy. Please do not pass on our contact info. That said, feel free to contact us if anything comes up in 
As promised, attached please find a copy of the proffer agreement signed today. 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Thank you and please contact me if you have any questions. - Nate 
Please e-mail when youg et this 
photos from a middle schooler? Why did he plead to a lesser charge? 
Please let me know if you'd like to discuss, no problem either way, and thanks as always. 
appl le legal privilege. if you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. if you have received this communication in error, please notify 
Please have your legal asst. create a travel auth. in E2 for [J to officially fund & approve today. Thanks 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please join me and [J in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, x who 
in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being 
getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
nothing to read, listen to or watch. Can we please make an effort to get him reading material, his radio and the 
been seized by the staff at MCC. Can you please take steps to see to that all of this material be returned to him 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
my office should be mandatory. Please feel free to reach out to me should you have any additional questions or 
Attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government’s response to the defendant’s letter motion relating to sealing, 
I will be out of the office on Friday, July 12. If you need immediate assistance, please contact Supervisory 
Attached please find a subpoena for recordings of Jeffrey Epstein's phone calls, excluding any attorney calls. 
In addition to the materials requested in the enclosed subpoena, please accept our written request for the e-mail 
rrateful if we could receive the requested materials as soon as possible. As always, please feel free to call 
questions, please let us know. Otherwise, if you could please send us a signed copy, we'll take care of submitting it to the 
that such language be redacted as unnecessary if we are not contesting the clause. Please advise if the Govt intends to 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
questions, or think it would be productive to schedule a call to discuss, please let us know. 
Thanks very much, [. Please let us know if any additional reports are generated, and please let us know when the 
Thank you. Attached please find the staff memos and photos that were taken. Please advise if you need to share this with 
Thanks Please consider this email my request for any and all documents and other materials, including photographs, 
Thanks for letting us know about the possible meeting location change— please let us know once you've been able to 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Please see the attached letter. 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
It was a pleasure to assist you. I am available to help in any way possible, so please do not hesitate to 
Please let me know if any other information would be useful at this stage, otherwise we'll expect to be in touch with you 
Please allow him access to the materials enclosed. 
' Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
? Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
3Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
4 Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
the suitcases at the house. Please review it and give me a call if you have any concerns or edits. Hope is to swear this out 
Please let me know if anything else would be useful for you at this stage? And today got away from me — just catching up 
that you are a victim please call J IJ Victim Witness Coordinator at 8668748900 or If you believe you are a victim 
of this crime please call 8668748900. 
Hi RMP, Please see the attached ECC request package for I 
If required, please inform the traveler how to determine who the POC is for this trip. 
Hi MJ Please let EOUSA know if you have checked to see if a visa is required for your destination. 
meeting and they will take my phone. Would you please respond to my message below prior to that time in order that | 
schedule tomorrow. Please advise if you want to interview her there at 11:A.M or 11:30.at the end of their meeting or 
Ok thanks, please keep us posted. We are happy to accommodate [ij schedule. 
did it that way. If so, please send us the number to dial. Daniel from my co counsel Marianne Wang’s office will also 
hopefully help coordinate travel. Would you please provide [J with your new client’s name as it appears on her 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please let me know if you need anything else. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
| hope this email finds you well. As discussed during our August 10, 2020 call, please find attached a cover letter 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. 
Please consider the environment before printing this email. 
the intended recipient, please notify us immediately—by replying to this message or by sending an email to postmaster@wilmerhale.com—and destroy all 
For more information about WilmerHale, please visit us at http://www.wilmerhale.com. 
Could you please send me whatever the final version was? Thanks. 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Hi (J —any chance you could please send me the notes from our most recent meeting with A? (For a 
you please create a new testifying witness folder for him and add these materials? 
Attached please find my proofread and cite check edits to the brief in track. 
Disc is burned and ready to get sent out to MDC. Draft cover letters are attached and saved here. Please let me know if 
USAfx. Please let us know if you do not already have a USAfx account, in which case our paralegals (cc’d) can assist you in 
Attached please find a cover letter accompanying this production. As you will see in the letter, the majority of this 
Please let us know if you have any further questions regarding the SUPP production or if you have any difficulty accessing 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
We are available for a call to discuss tomorrow between 1pm and 2pm, between 3pm and 5pm, or after 5:30pm. Please 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Please let us know if you have any objections to the language in the letter. Thanks again for the speedy response, we very 
9, 2021. Is there a time tomorrow when we can have a call to discuss, please? 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
We are available for a call to discuss tomorrow between 1pm and 2pm, between 3pm and 5pm, or after 5:30pm. Please 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide 
have “date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
Richardson’s new attorneys, please? Not urgent. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Thanks again for your time today. Attached, please find a copy of the proffer agreement with updated initials. 
videoconference shortly. Please let us know if you have any tech issues/questions about WebEx. 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
we’ve previously conveyed, and please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
follow up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us 
could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or your client 
That works for me. Please call me on my cell (MM). Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and 
Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
into a cooperation agreement, plea agreement, immunity or non-prosecution agreement. The 
Tom Powers from my office. Please include him on the response. 
USAfx. Please let us know if you do not already have a USAfx account, in which case our paralegals (cc’d) can assist you in 
Attached please find a cover letter accompanying this production. As you will see in the letter, the majority of this 
Please let us know if you have any further questions regarding the SUPP production or if you have any difficulty accessing 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
We are available for a call to discuss tomorrow between 1pm and 2pm, between 3pm and 5pm, or after 5:30pm. Please 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify 
Please let me know if any questions at all, apologies again for any inconvenience, and thanks as always. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HS 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Please let me know if any questions at all, apologies again for any inconvenience, and thanks as always. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
for sexual activity, JJ and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Attached please find OPR’s final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions about this matter. 
minutes to briefly discuss a few other clients who we haven't listed below. Please just let me know if you have 
Thank you so much. Can we please plan on 1pm ET? 
tomorrow. Would it be possible to move this call either to 1pm ET or to 3pm ET, please? 
Please click the link below to join the Zoom Meeting 
Please join just a few minutes prior to the start time so the call can begin right away. 
Please confirm you've received and thank you. 
Yes, | am available for a call tomorrow (Wednesday 8/12) at 2pm Eastern Time. Please let me know what number to call. 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY 
IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by replying 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
When you have a chance, could you please initial the proffer agreement and send it back to me? Thanks! 
Thanks again for your time today. Attached, please find a copy of the proffer agreement with updated initials. 
Please let us know if you have any objections to the language in the letter. Thanks again for the speedy response, we 
Please use the attached spreadsheet for this meeting. 
and the vendor can be available either Wednesday or Friday of this week. Please let me know what works for you. 
Chiefs and Project Safe Childhood Coordinator, please remind the assigned AUSA to make updates in their 
Please let us know if you have any objections to the language in the letter. Thanks again for the speedy response, we very 
Attached is a draft opposition to Maxwell’s renewed motion for release in the Circuit. Please let me know if you have any 
provided with the below information and attached Program Statement. Can you all please review this information and 
the criminal case. We will studiously avoid creating any sort of conflict with that case. Please let me know if you have 
Subject: Accepted: Epstein Meeting (Please hold the time) 
Event: Accepted: Epstein Meeting (Please hold the time) 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Please don't let Maxwell end up "killing herself 
GE cached out again right before this arrest. (I don’t have email on this system, so please forward 
| Please do not 
There is the possibility of a meeting on the 19"" March if you are able to come to London. Could you let me know please? 
Please let us know if you have any additional questions, and in particular whether any other information from us 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
The above-captioned case was wheeled out to Judge Nathan this morning. Attached please find the indictment. 
| Please do not 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). The defendant entered a plea of not guilty to the Superseding Indictment. The 
I'm not sure if you are the right person to speak to so please redirect this email if necessary. 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not 
just made a few very small changes, and we should be good to go. Let’s please post the following: 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). The defendant entered a plea of not guilty to the Superseding Indictment. 
information on where to call with information. Could we please change that to the Maxwell case? So exact same 
Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). The defendant entered a plea of not guilty to the Superseding Indictment. 
our (MM interview at 1. J is there any way you could please handle meeting with Jj at noon? If not, I'll see if 
it that way. If so, please send us the number to dial. Daniel from my co counsel Marianne Wang’s office will also be 
coordinate travel. Would you please provide J with your new client’s name as it appears on her ID, date of birth, 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
It is well settled in the Second Circuit that “a plea agreement in one U.S. Attorney’s office 
(2d Cir. 2010) (“A plea agreement binds only the office of the United States Attorney for the 
district in which the plea is entered unless it affirmatively appears that the agreement contemplates 
abrogate these principles. Annabi, 771 F.2d at 672 (“[A] plea agreement whereby a federal 
contrary.”). “The mere use of the term ‘government’ in the plea agreement does not create an 
2002 WL 34244994, at *2 (2d Cir. Apr. 26, 2002) (in analyzing an SDFL plea agreement, 
reiterating the holding of Annabi and noting that it applies “even if the plea agreement purports to 
plea agreement covers only Defendant’s liability in the SDFL.”). * 
the law in this Circuit, which presumes a narrow reading of the boundaries of a plea agreement 
Final voucher aie has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
intersection as possible, please? 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
please book me on the 7:30am JetBlue flight from LGA to PBI, and the 7:12pm JetBlue flight from PBI to LGA, both on 
Please let me know your preferred schedules for your trip to West Palm Beach, FL, and I'll get started on making the 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Any chance you could please mail a copy of the attached letter (re the Epstein case) to the recipient listed at the top? 
The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
The data is probably secured for privilege review. Please let me know if these documents are not supposed to be 
Please review the documents and let me know if anything needs to be adjusted with the production. 
| know you want to produce these documents can you please tell me the following: 
Also please note that once the documents have been loaded to Relativity there is no way to run any searches for 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
The zip files have been copied to the below location. Please let me know if there are any issues with the data in the zip 
That’s what ! figured. Thanks! Now that they are all good to go would you please export both Deutsche Bank and 
The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
The data is probably secured for privilege review. Please let me know if these documents are not supposed to be 
Please review the documents and let me know if anything needs to be adjusted with the production. 
| know you want to produce these documents can you please tell me the following: 
Also please note that once the documents have been loaded to Relativity there is no way to run any searches for 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Any chance you could please mail a copy of the attached letter (re the Epstein case) to the recipient listed at the top? 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Could we get on a quick call to check in about this, please? Defense counsel is asking for an update on timing. 
you please let me know the answers to the below? 
« For the images extracted from iPhone and iPads, will the FBI please be sure to include Celebrite so the defense 
e By tomorrow: Please check to see whether it would be possible to prepare all of the “HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL” 
review at 500 Pearl by next Wednesday or Thursday. If that is not feasible, please let me know how much time 
e Please confirm that the only categories of “HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL” nude/partially nude images in our custody 
investigation. Please confirm that no items from the Florida case are missing from this index. 
« Please provide us with a similar inventory of all physical evidence items in FBI-NY custody gathered during our 
¢ Please work with [J to figure out the logistics of how to allow defense counsel and (where possible) 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
we'd really appreciate your help. Or if there’s someone else we should reach out to in the Civil Division instead, please 
it fairly well under control. I would be pleased to hear 
motion, please. 
be pleased to hear anything you want to add that you think is 
pleasure of your company -- do we need you next week? We are 
have on this subject, please turn it over. You all can work 
Notwithstanding the bedrock principle that plea agreements are construed strictly against 
(S.D. Fla. 2012), where a corporation had entered into a plea agreement that immunized its 
for the proposition that “plea agreements differ from commercial contracts” (Opp. 18), the 
“differ[ence]” to which the Second Circuit was referring was that in construing a plea agreement, 
prosecutors are held in negotiating plea agreements). As the government acknowledges, at least 
to enforce immunity provisions in plea agreements. Florida West, 853 F. Supp. 2d at 1228; El- 
doctrine to plea agreements (Opp. 19) is utterly nonsensical. As demonstrated in Ms. Maxwell's 
rights under a plea agreement “[w]here the defendant himself can obtain relief’ from a broken 
plea deal.” No. 3:15-CR-0240-B, 2016 WL 107841, *4 (N.D. Tex. Jan. 11, 2016). Here, 
he served the sentence stemming from his guilty plea long before his death, paid millions of 
enforce the NPA by withdrawing his guilty plea. Nor is it clear that Epstein could have 
withdrawn his plea had the NPA been breached while he was serving his sentence, given that the 
NPA—unlike a plea agreement—was not submitted to the state court in which Epstein entered 
his plea. 
which the Second Circuit stated that “[a] plea agreement binds only the office of the United 
States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it affirmatively appears that the 
“promise to bind other districts.” See Opp. 4. Rather, in interpreting a plea agreement, “[t]he court looks to the 
government is correct that the use of the term “the United States” in a plea agreement, without 
the co-conspirator immunity provision. But to the extent there remains any doubt, plea 
“imprecisions or ambiguities” relate to the geographic applicability of a plea agreement (Opp. 6 
which the government is to be held in negotiating a plea agreement, the government implies that such standards 
somehow do not apply when the plea agreement is enforced by a third party. Opp. 6 n.2. This suggestion is 
should be held to a lower standard than other provisions of a plea agreement. 
14)—and that the government can simply walk away from a plea agreement in which a United States Attorney has 
cites mo case in which a court has invalidated a plea agreement on this basis, and its argument is contradicted not 
only by the Third, Fourth, and Eighth circuits—in which the defau/t rule is that plea agreements bind other 
districts—but also by the Second Circuit's statement that a United States Attorney may bind other districts in a plea 
Please contact us with any questions. Your consideration is greatly appreciated. 
issue open. As reflected in the various pleadings, the government did have communications with 
charge against which [s]he must defend, and, second, enables [her] to plead an 
Please join me and Ij in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, i, 
that “a plea agreement in one U.S. Attorney’s office does not, unless otherwise stated, bind 
another.” United States v. Prisco, 391 F. App’x 920, 921 (2d Cir. 2010) (“A plea agreement binds 
only the office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it 
which presumes a narrow reading of the boundaries of a plea agreement unless a defendant can 
defendant pleading guilty to counts relating to “obstruction,” as well as “harassment,” with 
that the defendant could plead guilty to 18 U.S.C. § 403, that is, a knowing or intentional violation 
a possible obstruction plea that “could rely on the incident where Mr. Epstein’s private 
Please complete the following actions with the district: 
The zip files have been copied to the below location. Please let me know if there are any issues with the data in the zip 
That’s what ! figured. Thanks! Now that they are all good to go would you please export both Deutsche Bank and 
The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
The data is probably secured for privilege review. Please let me know if these documents are not supposed to be 
Please review the documents and let me know if anything needs to be adjusted with the production. 
| know you want to produce these documents can you please tell me the following: 
Also please note that once the documents have been loaded to Relativity there is no way to run any searches for 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Thank you! These are all good to go, please go ahead and send these out. 
Also, would you please pdf them and send back to me so | can email the attorney letter to the attorneys and the MDC 
I'd prefer that both be encrypted, please. 
See below—would you please pick them up? 
they should be delivered to you. Please confirm that this is acceptable. 
production to the MDC. Would you please provide us with drives to load? For the MDC production, please let us know 
Is there a 302 for this witness that you could send us please? Thanks. 
WilmerHale is pleased to announce that Robert S. Mueller III is 
Can you please file this UMR and let this group know when it is done? Thanks. 
Friday, July 2. Please let me know if you foresee any issues with that date. 
Please also let me know if you need anything else from me in terms of the processes we discussed yesterday. We are 
working with BOP to finalize the production, but please let me know if | should take steps beyond that (e.g., letting 
which includes the changes we discussed on the phone, around 6:30. Please let me know if you have any issues or 
We now have a 5:45 call scheduled with the Times. Please let me know before then if there’s any other info | can share 
with them. I’m attaching a draft extension request letter here for review. Please let me know if this looks okay, or if we 
on. Could someone please give me a call at I? | need to connect with the Times as soon as possible because 
Would you please create new testifying witness folders for ——————— on the Epstein share and 
to open an investigation. However, please feel free to contact local authorities. 
Attached please find OPR’s final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
Attached please find OPR’s final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
Would you please take one last careful look? Check Epstein especially since you had not seen that. 
My view is that we should open on this today, and bring in FBI-NY’s sex crimes squad. [i please let me know if you 
Attached please find a letter just filed by Maxwell's counsel regarding sleep deprivation. She asks “the Court to address 
this along to you. Please let us know if a call would be useful. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Judge Nathan directed us to confer with you per the attached order. Do you have time to speak tomorrow? Please 
response but we wanted to send this along to you. Please let us know if a call would be useful. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Regarding Mr. Manley’s letter, I’m attaching a draft of the letter we would plan to him tomorrow. Please let us know if 
would prefer to confer by email, would you please let us know your position? 
preparation. Would you please let us know whether you consent to the exclusion? 
Would you please save the attached pdfs in the respective witness and 3500 folders for the testifying witnesses in each 
We request unredacted copies of these reports and the notes. Please let us know why you think these redactions are 
Please see attached. 
The Maxwell team has completed another round of review on Relativity. Would you please work with the vendor to get 
Please let me know if you have any questions, and thanks very much for your help. 
Attached please find a courtesy copy of today’s ECF filing. 
Thanks, a So sorry — could you please remind me when you're sending this to the PC Chiefs and when you’re 
Hope you are having a nice weekend (and staying dry)! Can you please pull the photographs in the attached document 
please contact the other AUSA assigned to the case. 
user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing(@nypd.org 
If you have any questions, please call me. 
Thanks! Could you please send me the account opening/signature/KYC documents for the two accounts attached here? 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
Thanks very much. Could you please send us the account statements for a few months after these documents were 
If you have any question, please contact me. 
THE REPORTER: Yes, please. 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government’s Motion /n Limine to 
When you have a chance, could you please initial the proffer agreement and send it back to me? Thanks! 
Thanks again for your time today. Attached, please find a copy of the proffer agreement with updated initials. 
Can you please file this UMR and let this group know when it is done? Thanks. 
Please let us know if you have any objections to the language in the letter. Thanks again for the speedy response, we 
Checking in to see if you guys have your scheduling position statement ready for the joint letter. If you do, can you please 
Attached please find the email | mistakenly addressed t 
not the intended recipient(s) or his/her agent, please be advised that any disclosure, use, review, copying, selling, dissemination, publication, or distribution of this transmission Is 
strictly unauthorized and prohibited. tf you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender at the number above, return the original e-mail by mail, and delete 
Please excuse the informality but | am an old experienced civil trial attorney. Luckily, 
doctrine. tf you have received this transmission and are not the intended recipient(s) or his/her agent, please be advised that any disclosure, use 
transmission in error, please notify the sender at the number above, return the original e-mail by mail, and delete the e-mail file from your computer 
If you have any question, please contact me. 
wy rax aovison. Please sign and return the attached W8 form(s) 
Please check the line w the left of amy ome of more of the following resolutions which have been adopted. If the line to the left of any 
0 Please vent my address from the check senpe ira 
my tan apvison, Please sign and return the attached W8 form(s) 
Please check the hme to the left of any one or more of the followeng resohations which have been adopred. If te line to the left of any 
order is on its way, and can no longer be changed. If you need to return an item from this shipment or manage other orders, please visit Your 
If you need further assistance with your order, please contact the seller. 
This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message. 
of employment. Do we have those documents? | can also check with J — let me know please. Thanks! 
production has been loaded onto it. Could you please confirm the attached letters are good to go? 
Thanks! Could you please send me the account opening/signature/KYC documents for the two accounts attached here? 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
Thanks very much. Could you please send us the account statements for a few months after these documents were 
If you have any question, please contact me. 
please grab the CD and load its contents onto the Epstein share? You can save everything from the CD here: 
That's perfect, thank you. Please let me know once you've dropped them off. 
Just wanted to follow up on getting the folder “1B 1-14” on USAfx. Please let us know when you've been able to upload it, 
please grab the CD and load its contents onto the Epstein share? You can save everything from the CD here: 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
confidential. If you are not an intended recipient, please notify the sender by return e-mail and delete this e-mail and 
time Monday morning, in particular, please let us know. Thanks, Jj 
Attached please find OPR’s final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
time Monday morning, in particular, please let us know. Thanks, J 
Attached please find OPR’s final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
Okay, please call my iim 
If that does work please let us know what number to call you on? 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
this email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA 
please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on 
we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA Privacy 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on the 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster(@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
Please see attached. We have no issues with this being produced to the defense, but do you have a protective order in 
Please excuse all typos and auto correct 
in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at (2 =o and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of 
in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at oss 2 and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of 
Please let us know if there is anything further we should do to follow-up. 
in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at a Sal and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of 
in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at nn and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of 
in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at ine and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of 
Please let us know if there is anything further we should do to follow-up. 
in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at a Sal and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of 
loaded onto Relativity. Would you please help us get those documents batched out for review? Specifically, please break 
Would you please also add an Issue Designation tag entitled “Relevant to NPA” to the preexisting Issue Designation tags? 
The batches have been created and the tag has been added to the database. Please let me know if there are any 
loaded onto Relativity. Would you please help us get those documents batched out for review? Specifically, please break 
Would you please also add an Issue Designation tag entitled “Relevant to NPA” to the preexisting Issue Designation tags? 
Per our call, please find attached the requests from [J including names in footnotes, as well as the Masseuse 
if | brought both the laptop and hard drive to the MDC tomorrow instead of just the laptop today, please? 
when reviewing discovery produced from my office. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter, 
please let me know what time | should arrive with the laptop? 
come and retrieve the laptop. Please let me know if that is correct, or if | should take any different steps. 
Separately, just a reminder to please send us [J email on the Maxwell depositions? We're going through them 
If there is a Data Recovery need for DVR2, then please write an EC requesting what you want recovered. 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster(@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
BE - attached is an updated draft this still needs to be reviewed by my supervisors. Please review closely. 
> the attached draft letter to Judge Nathan. Would you please review 
> at 12 PM. Can you please send us any comments no later than 9:30 am? 
>> sent to you on Friday. Can you please let us know the status of 
>>> Please see the attached letter, which was filed this evening. Are 
>> Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
> If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Please provide an explanation immediately. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in crror, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. 
Please immediately provide an explanation for the delay as it will be reported to the Court. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delcte this message. Thank you. 
Please provide an explanation immediately. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
if you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. 
Please immediately provide an explanation for the delay as it will be reported to the Court. 
if you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. 
Attached please find an order issued by Judge Nathan in this case. It will be filed on the public docket tomorrow 
morning. Please confirm receipt. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Here’s a short/rough drop in on this. If you could please add the citations to the respective dockets, that would be great, 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Could you please add the attached to the subpoena folder and to the next discovery production? Thanks! 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
please find executed custodian certifications along with a document production on behalf of 
If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
Could you please add the attached to the subpoena folder and to the next discovery production? Thanks! 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Thanks, that sounds like a plan. Could you please send me the information below for J travel? 
videoconference shortly. Please let us know if you have any tech issues/questions about WebEx. 
I hope you are well. Please let me know if you have 5 min for a quick call. 
to view her status as we’ve previously conveyed, and please let us know if any issues arise on your end. 
Please let us know if you need anything from us. 
please let us know, we’re happy to be flexible. 
you could please let us know if there are any particular weeks that would not work for you or 
That works for me. Please call me on my | Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer 
later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let 
am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
Thanks again for helping; we really appreciate it. Attached are the records. Please let us know if you have any questions. 
laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender 
Please be advised that the historical employment records you are requesting, for the time 
Should you have any further questions, please feel free to contact me ‘i 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
ill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
a. open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
ae open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
ae open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
ee i! open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
ae. open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
meaningful discussions about a possible resolution. When you've spoken with J could you please let us know 
I'm also copying my co-counsell. please include them on emails going forward. Finally, 3 
Thanks, and please feel free to give us a call to discuss. 
Please send us a copy of the disclosure that you are considering as to Mr. MJ. Seeing the planned 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
Please know that I am an fri 1 for r ir 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
about a possible resolution. When you've spoken with [, could you please let us know whether she’s willing to meet 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8518795/Ghislaine-Maxwell-pleads-not-guilty-fights-SM-bail. html 
https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/14/us/ghislaine-maxwell-pleads-not-guilty/index.html 
manner of any plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement.” 18 U.S.C. § 3771(a)(9). 
attention and is likely to be on the minds of our judges. Please be mindful of the CVRA as you negotiate pleas, and talk to 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think 
Yes, please. That’d be very helpful. Much appreciated, 
In the meantime, can you please provide written signed confirmation from Gat that 
info — I’m reachable at this email address or by phone at I (office) or I (cell). Please don’t 
Please see the attached application and proposed order in connection with the above-captioned case, which the 
Please see the attached application and proposed order in connection with the above-captioned case, which the 
Would you please create a testifying witness folder for MY and save the two attached pdfs in the 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
> I keep getting these emails. Do I need to submit anything else? Please advise — thanks. 
>> Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your 
>> Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by replying to the 
Please let us know if this approach sounds right to you or if you would like to discuss. 
Please let us know if this approach sounds right to you or if you would like to discuss. 
please note 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
by the Office in 2016 not to pursue the matter). If there’s any guidance you think we can and should provide, please let 
Yes, please book it. 
written materials that will be referenced, please send those over in advance. 
e Inthe case caption, please delete “defendant(s),” so that it does not read “defendant(s) Jeffrey Epstein”. I’m not 
e Please swap out this language: 
you may want to call the VNS Call Center or check the website to confirm the date and time. Please note, 
If you plan on attending, please call me at [J in case there are any last minute changes. 
Please find attached the OCME Report of Autopsy. The boxes show where there will be redactions. 
himself, he pleaded not guilty to the charges against him on Monday. (Rolling Stone reached out to 
0131M; please retain for your records. 
If you have any contract related questions, please don’t hesitate to contact me. 
Please email all invoices and payment related questions to i Remember to include 
We agree. Attached please find a draft joint letter to the Court conveying the parties’ position. Please let us know if you 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
plead guilty in Florida state court to soliciting minors for prostitution and to serve eighteen 
practice for federal plea agreements. This provision appears to have been added “with little 
promise as part of a plea bargain, both contract principles and due process require the federal 
In United States v. Annabi, the Second Circuit held: “A plea agreement binds only the 
office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it 
(2d Cir. 1985) (per curiam). This is something akin to a clear statement rule. Single-district plea 
Gonzalez, 93 F. App’x 268, 270 (2d Cir. 2004). Those are common shorthand. A plea 
Second Circuit precedent creates a strong presumption that a plea agreement binds only 
The cases Maxwell cites where courts held hearings on the scope of a plea agreement 
defendant to plead double jeopardy in a later prosecution based on the same events. United 
prevent surprise, and to interpose a plea of double jeopardy should he be prosecuted a second 
Hifi could you please save these on the shared? Thanks! 
Attached please find the Government’s letter regarding the defendant’s transportation to the courthouse, which the 
Thanks so much, [J Attached is the first bit of TW 3500 from me for today. Would you please save this in 
getting that organized, please? | expect we will have more notes from our meetings today. 
Please find the transcript from today attached. 
intended recipient or you believe that you have received this communication in error, please delete this message 
and do not print, share, or otherwise use this message or its contents in any way. Please also indicate by reply 
guidance is being provided in advance of the trial to ensure efficient communications. Please take careful note. 
Please also note that all case filings in U.S. v. Maxwell are available in the Court’s electronic filing system; we 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS 
Would you please add the attached deposition transcript for to the trial exhibits for the 
See attached. Please let me know if you need any other information. | confirmed with [J counsel that it is fine for 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
Please see attached. 
Rail Execs Plead Guilty In Worker Safety Case After Explosion 
Please OO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or vist our Contact Us page. 
Could you please take a look at these and let us know if any of these dates line up with Maxwell or Epstein’s travel? 
including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and 
Thanks so much! Can you please pull the CBP records iii We would like the CBP records for the 1990s 
only. Her date of birth is She is French. Please let us know if you need any other information. Thanks again! 
laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the 
please (using Adobe’s Add Text functionality) type in the Asset ID code(s) for the pertinent entity(ies). Save and 
Could you please tell me whether the Metropolitan Police has informed the office of the US Attorney of the Southern 
. error please no the sender immediately 
substance is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return 
communication or its substance is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and 
Please note that both this letter and enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 2020 
Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any difficulty accessing these materials. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Would you please save the attached in] 3500 and witness folders on the Epstein share? 
Please keep all the folders locked until | can do the spot check. 
complete, but hopefully we’re getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be grateful 
the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by [J (copied here)? I’ve 
left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once the materials 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
Would you please book me for the same hotel as [J for these same dates for this trip? 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
This is a no reply mail box. If you need assistance please contact your CWTSatoTravel customer support site. 
This is a copy of your itinerary only. Please review for accuracy. When your reservation is ticketed, your invoice will 
be sent in a separate message. The invoice will show your trip details, ticket number, and ticket cost. Please be 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
complete, but hopefully we’re getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be grateful 
with the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by J (copied 
here)? I’ve left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
Please let us know if you have any additional questions, and in particular whether any other information from us 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
Please let us know if you have any additional questions, and in particular whether any other information from us 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
issuance, please contact the consulate directly. 
Please read the back of this form carefully for more information. If you have questions 
You will be notified separately about any other applications or petitions you filed. Save this notice. Please enclose a copy of it 
orm 1-797 (8/03/90) Y Please see additional information on the back. 
When you have a chance, could you please initial the proffer agreement and send it back to me? Thanks! 
Thanks again for your time today. Attached, please find a copy of the proffer agreement with updated initials. 
Thank you for the call yesterday. Attached please find the subpoena we discussed. 
We'd be happy to answer any questions. Also, if you find that the responsive records are voluminous, please let us know 
Please see the attached Court subpoena. You can reach me at the below phone number or 
We now have a 5:45 call scheduled with the Times. Please let me know before then if there’s any other info | can share 
with them. I’m attaching a draft extension request letter here for review. Please let me know if this looks okay, or if we 
on. Could someone please give me a call at MM? | need to connect with the Times as soon as possible because 
distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please 
Final voucher 11061344-1(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA =e 
Just following up on this. Please let us know when you can. Thanks. 
availability for a proffer with] |ate next week. Can you please let us know your availability? We are 
Subject: please print three color stapled copies and put on my desk 
Received, and signed and attached. Please let me know if any issues. 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
We need to obtain a copy of the death certificate and autopsy report to close out Jeffrey Epstein’s case. Can |! please get 
Please see the attached that we filed a few minutes ago. 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Bruce Barket just filed the attached letter on ECF. Are you available for another call this afternoon, please? 
Could you please let us know what format we should expect in terms of the proffer? That will help us with figuring out 
Please find attached an index to our productions to date. This is a work in progress — we will update it as we gather and 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
Separately, if you could please let us know the status of the return of discovery materials, we would appreciate it. 
hearing on Tuesday can you please either return to the Government all discovery you received in this case and certify 
Thanks . If any of you have a moment for a forfeiture-related question in the next few days, please let 
cation in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic 
Yes please — it can be labeled on the front and side as: 
Hey [J could | please ask for your help with printing some documents? If | could please get the five docs in the 
please get tabs with the following labels for each respective doc: 
No rush on this, if | could please get the binder by the end of the day Tuesday that’s totally fine—and feel free to farm out, 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
hours since this was reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on 
frustrating to have to tell them that we have less information than the press. Please advise. 
- be — For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA eae . 
been hours since this was reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written 
extraordinarily frustrating to have to tell them that we have less information than the press. Please advise. 
= be — For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or  —_—_ at Py or 
since this was reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on those 
frustrating to have to tell them that we have less information than the press. Please advise. 
= be — For — matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA =e at ESE! or 
Please copy Martin Weinberg and Reid Weingarten as his counsel for any notifications, and their email addresses 
include and we were provided with the below information and attached Program Statement. Can you all please review 
connected to the criminal case. We will studiously avoid creating any sort of conflict with that case. Please let me know if 
repeat docs. Please let us know the status? Thanks. 
Ah, possibly it’s the “2020-01-23” folder under Subpoena Returns? If so, J can we please (1) move that to under the 
complete, but hopefully we're getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be 
with the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by Jj (copied 
here)? I’ve left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And Jj very much as always. 
complete, but hopefully we're getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be grateful 
the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by [J (copied here)? I’ve 
left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once the materials 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
ATTN POLICE CLERKS; Please show a stolen value for the U.S. 
currency as **$2,700.** Please show a stolen value for the Glock 
where there is a small double gate which has a sign, “Please keep 
the money, please show a full recovery of the $2700. cash. ** 
ATTN POLICB CLERKS: Please add the following 
ATTN POLICE CLERKS: Please show a full recovery of the U.S. 
Currency. Please do not show the Glock hand gun as stolen. 
Please show this case as **Except.Cleared** as the identity 
complete, but hopefully we’re getting close? If you could please check with the vendor and let us know, we’d be grateful 
the Epstein case. Can we please get those materials uploaded to Relativity, for privilege review by [J (copied here)? I’ve 
left the hard drive with the materials on your chair. (And if we could please get that hard drive back once the materials 
Please let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always. 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [J please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Attached please find the most recent draft of the Maxwell indictment, which incorporates the most recent round of edits 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
criminal behavior, to please call us. The number is 1-800-CALL-FBI. We want to hear from 
please contact the FBI at 1-800-CALL FBI, and reference this case. 
Attached for review please find 2 dl 
designed for sexual stimulation (as a dildo, vibrator, etc.) or to enhance sexual pleasure or 
PCU — Please join me in congratulating i on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. 
Can you please send me the transcript that was shown to [J during our first interview with her? 
Attached please find notes from trial prep with testifying witnesses for Maxwell. Would one of you please save these in 
° od recalls the female caller with an accent being particularly unpleasant in her tone 
the most recent disc. Those folders are: NYCO24328, NYCO24366, and NYCO24392. Can you please let us know 
NYCO24367 (row 62), and NYCO27910 (row 96). Please confirm that these were added, and also that we’re not 
Could you please confirm that | have those additions correct, and that I’m not missing any? And it looks like all of those 
NYC024395 — could you please let us know what that means? 
the most recent disc. Those folders are: NYCO24328, NYCO24366, and NYCO24392. Can you please let us know 
NYCO24367 (row 62), and NYCO27910 (row 96). Please confirm that these were added, and also that we’re not 
Could you please confirm that | have those additions correct, and that I’m not missing any? And it looks like all of those 
NYCO24395 — could you please let us know what that means? 
Refreshing this — please let us know? Or happy to discuss if necessary. Thanks. 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
THE REPORTER: Yes, please. 
Attached please find OPR’s final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
PCU — Please join me in congratulating i on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. J 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Would you please take a look at number 7 below, and let me know what the response is? 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
Will, would you please send these and let me know when they've gone out? Thanks so much! 
Thanks, (MJ. Please send the docs via the link below: 
We are available for a call to discuss tomorrow between 1pm and 2pm, between 3pm and Spm, or after 5:30pm. Please 
We write to raise a few issues concerning the discovery. Below is the list of items. Please let me know if you are free for a 
on our hard drive to send to Ms. Maxwell. Otherwise, you will need to produce them on a hard drive. Please 
the attached Excel file). Instead, the attachments appear as slip-sheets (see example attached). Please provide the 
“date created” and/or “date last modified” dates after July 2019 (see tab 3 of the attached Excel file). Please 
Please let us know your responses as soon as possible. 
Please see the attached file. 
files a responsive pleading or with consent of all parties], an 
discovery produced from my office. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter, which | will hand deliver with the 
laptop. | am available to make this delivery tomorrow. Would you please let me know what time | should arrive with the 
Please let me know if that is correct, or if | should take any different steps. 
Please give it a new bates stamp, thanks! 
Would you please also work on getting the final report with images ready for production? It’s saved here: 
So please tell Jj that he can stop copying the defense drive. 
Would you please put together a cover letter for the defense for this production? 
week. When you have a moment, please let me know if you're not using one of the drives and (if it’s here in the office) I'll give the 
discovery. Attached please find a copy of the cover memo. 
| also dropped off a hard drive and CD containing a new discovery production for Maxwell. Attached please find the two 
attached. Would you please confirm that the drive has been provided to Maxwell? 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail 
verification is required please request a hard-copy version. 
distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail 
verification is required please request a hard-copy version. 
appreciate your input on topics | should avoid as well as topics | should expand more upon. Please send any and 
Pleasure meeting you and the agents from the AG’s detail. Apologies again for the lack of card, but my contact 
information is below. Please don’t hesitate to reach out if there’s anything we can get you that would be helpful. 
those records for IM? Please feel free to give me a call on this. 
the “excluded from transportation” items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at A. 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and | will inquire as 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
o Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
e As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
« Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
e Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
please? The warehouse will be open until 4:30pm, though I’m told | can request additional time in advance if you think 
files” being the standard then. Can you please confirm? | know that Chris has written separately about the many files for 
“Missing from Assigned Box” items — can you please provide more of an explanation for all “missing items”? 
week of April 19". Please just let me know what day you prefer, and we will coordinate with the FBI to arrange for the 
the “excluded from transportation” items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and | will inquire as 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
e Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
e As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
e Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
Thanks, | | tried to shorten the description a bit (please see the attached) but |’m told that the description should 
please look it over and send me back a revised version. Also, if you think that | removed anything that is critical please 
Attached is a draft of the Purdue write up. Please let us know if you have any edits or questions. 
Hi MMMM: Please see our proposed letter, which I understand you would like to review, as well as 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss this further. 
Hi MMMM: Please see our proposed letter, which I understand you would like to review, as well as 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss this further. 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
Thanks, Ea az could you please check your records and let us know if there are any other cases? From fils list, it 
best point of contact to help us figure this out. Could you please send us the following information: 
That would be a big help. Please let us know if you need any information from us to run the search. 
referenced in Indictment number S1 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. The 
production is small enough to produce via an FTP site. Would you please send us a link to use for this production? 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
The index in the previous cover letter inadvertently begins at the wrong bates number for this production. Please find 
referenced in Indictment number S1 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. The 
production is small enough to produce via an FTP site. Would you please send us a link to use for this production? 
are stamped with control numbers SDNY GM _ 02742963 through SDNY GM _ 02743100. Please 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
instead, please let us know. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
are stamped with control numbers SDNY_GM_02743101 through SDNY_GM_02743102. Please 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
If you have any questions please feel free to contact me at [. Thank you for your assistance. 
[Please note releasable material could include, but is not limited to public source material {i.e., newspaper articles, internet 
Please reply all to below FOIA request. Due 1/31. 
If you have any questions please feel free to contact me at J. Thank you for your assistance. 
[Please note releasable material could include, but is not limited to public source material (i.e., newspaper articles, internet 
Please be advised that efoia@subscriptions.fbi.gov is a no-reply email address. Questions regarding your FOLA request may be directed to foipaquestions(@) fhi.gov. If you 
have received a FOLPA request number, please include this in all correspondence concerning your request. Please note eFOIPA requests are processed in the order that they 
receive a comment that your FOIPA request number was not located in the database, please check back at a later date. 
Please be advised that efoia@subscriptions.fbi.gov is a no-reply email address. Questions regarding your FOLA request may be directed to foipaquestions(@) fhi.gov. If you 
have received a FOLPA request number, please include this in all correspondence concerning your request. Please note eFOIPA requests are processed in the order that they 
receive a comment that your FOIPA request number was not located in the database, please check back at a later date. 
For emergencies requiring immediate assistance, please contact us iim 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
The documents have been loaded to Relativity and are available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618): 
Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know 
those down. Please let us know if there are any other materials you need us to find as well. 
Please Note: 
Please Note: 
mortgages or other obligations.) Please round to the nearest whole daflar amount. J 
Please pay by July 1, 2019 
NVEG Please include this coupon if you pay by mail or in person. 1-01386-0010 
If you want to pay everything you owe by July 1, 2019 please pay 
If you want to pay everything you owe by July 1, 2019 please pay $345,286.05 
mosquitos can breed in warm weather. For more information, please visit nyc.gov/health or call 311. 
If so, please visit us at nyc.gov/changemailingaddress or call 311. 
3. Please add “to the defense” in the first letter to make clear to the Court that you are intervening in our 
We have attached a copy (draft) of our letter to Judge Torres. Please let me know your thoughts. We would 
seal and copying the Government (but ex parte as to the defense). Could you please send us a copy of the letter before 
We understand that you have time constraints. Please let us know how you want to proceed so that we can file a motion 
distribution or copying of the communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify 
I'm also copying my co-counsell please include them on emails going forward. Finally, Justina is aware 
Thanks, and please feel free to give us a call to discuss. 
Please send us a copy of the disclosure that you are considering as to Mr. J. Seeing the planned disclosure about 
counsel information (and also change all the he / him to she/ her, obviously). Please let me know if any questions on that. 
Could you please let me know her current last name? 
attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please 
any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please 
any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
Separately, | may have conveyed this previously, but in case not, please feel free to call my cell anytime tonight (or early 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of 
Following up on our phone conversation this evening, attached please find the Indictment returned by the grand jury 
at my office should be mandatory. Please feel free to reach out to me should you have any additional 
team, as we did previously for Marty. As the case goes forward, please feel free to reach out to any of us at the below 
can also be reached directly at i i that’s easier (though if you reach out directly to him if you could please 
Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
Please join me and [i in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, i, 
community—that document is attached. Please don’t hesitate to contact us if any additional information 
Please e-mail when youg et this 
Please e-mail when youg et this 
unsealed today, please call 1-800-CALL FBI 
Please e-mail when youg et this 
highlighting is mine). Obviously, as with the other one, please keep just to yourself for now, pending further discussions about 
confidential process. Please confirm that any further communications in connection with the requested voluntary 
Please provide us with an accurate record of the statements made by The US Attorney and/or the DOJ/FBI 
advise the Duke to proceed with any voluntary co-operation. Please confirm that the DOJ will not be making any further 
Speak With Us? And of course please let us know if any additional information would be useful to you. 
Please forward dial in details. 
Please confirm whether you would be available for a preliminary telephone call on Friday 10th January 2020. 
| would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. 
York. Could you please advise whether that is correct? We - my colleagues A, EE 
and | — can be reached anytime at these email addresses, or please let us know if you would prefer to set up a 
*** This email was sent via my iPhone using the dictation app... Please understand there may be some 
If you have received this communication in error, please notify sender immediately by re-sending 
aware of any victims who would like to make a statement to local law enforcement please advise. Feel free to pass my 
please notify us by reply e-mail and immediately and permanently delete this message and any attachments. Thank 
made via cash payment. For additional questions, please reach out to the Financial Intelligence 
“SE10”). Please note that “SE” is frequently used as a synonym for “merchant”; SE stands for 
Attorney General’s Office, please note that due to the size of some of the spreadsheets, the 
email from us, please contact the sender to confirm they sent this email 
included in this message and any attachments is prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us by reply e-mail and immediately and 
from us, please contact the sender to confirm they sent this email. 
to locate it in the materials we’ve reviewed. If you could please email it to us, that would be a big help. 
Following up on the below, please advise whether the full set of records is uploaded to the W drive for the agents’ 
have them. Please let us know as soon as possible what the status is? And if there are any impediments, we can assist in 
phone her number is J, and please let us know if anything would be helpful on our end. 
info — I’m reachable at this email address or by phone at EE (office) or I (cell). Please don’t 
Please join me and Jj in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, i, who 
please present unsealing order at your earliest 
I’m working with Reid and Marty, both phoneless, on Epstein’s defense team. For today, can you please 
Please e-mail when youg et this 
my office should be mandatory. Please feel free to reach out to me should you have any additional questions or 
Can you please shoot me those docs when you can? Thanks very much. 
CVRA requires victims to be notified only of a plea 
pleading was the type of slap in the face that we 
Please provide any and all copies of Articles of Incorporation and any other information 
aren't able to connect today please let me know, but hopefully we can get it coordinated. The contact is Special Agent 
Wanted to send this to you as well in case your co-counsel can’t receive it in the Court. Please let me know if it 
arraignment referred by Judge Berman, attached please find a memorandum from the government on the issue of 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF] 
Please call me once you've reviewed—thanks! 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
With apologies for the delay, attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government's reply in support of its detention 
Received and confirmed, thanks, and please don’t hesitate to reach out in the interim if that would be helpful in advance 
counsel information (and also change all the he / him to she/ her, obviously). Please let me know if any questions on that. 
Could you please let me know her current last name? 
attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please 
any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please 
any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
Also, notwithstanding what the form says, please do NOT email it down to DC — please send it back to me. 
applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, 
distribution, ar copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
| understand it’s short notice. Please let me know what might work? And thank you very much as always. 
generally be able to make myself available at your convenience, and please let me know if any information would be 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
*** This email was sent via my iPhone using the dictation app... Please understand there may be some 
If you have received this communication in error, please notify sender immediately by re-sending 
you aware of any victims who would like to make a statement to local law enforcement please advise. Feel free to pass 
Please note: Florida has a very broad public records law tions 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Attached please find Plaintiff, i Notice of Deposition of Ghislaine Maxwell in regards to the above- 
Please don’t hesitate to contact our office should you have any questions or concerns regarding this matter. 
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that, pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 30, Plaintiff 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices —| think 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the 
Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA EE for certain information 
relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
| am available for a call tomorrow. Please let me know what time is good for everyone and | will make myself available. 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
If you are a host, go here to view host information. imporTANT NOTICE: Please note that this Webex service allows audio and other information 
If you are a host, go here to view host information. IMPORTANT NOTICE: Please note that this 
not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, 
is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
Please see the attached letter of today’s date. A copy will also be sent via Fedex. Thank you. 
recipient), please contact the sender by reply e-mail or telephone, and delete all copies of this message. 
the full extent of the law. Please be advised, however, that Panish Shea & Boyle LLP and its lawyers do not represent you until you 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
works best for you, please let me know. You’re also welcome to call me on my cell at any time: 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
emergency request but haven't heard back. Please let us know the status as soon as possible? They also wanted to 
If you need anything else, please let me know. 
legal calls. Would you be able to please share with us the procedure that they should follow, so that we can 
please provide the name and phone number of counsel, I will do my best. 
lawyers this evening, please? 
| understand that some number of the devices are ready to come to us as early as today or tomorrow. Could you please 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, {§. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
draft circulating. Sorry about that. Please feel free to edit as much as you like. Saved in the correspondence folder, 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
please? 
Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
hotel to the travel card, which is incorrect—the entirety of the hotel was paid on my personal card (please see attached 
Please let me know when it’s corrected and I'll review again. Thanks. 
Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
three taxi receipts for airport trips. Please note that because | unfortunately forgot my work card, ALL the charges are to 
Please let me know if any questions or issues at all, and thanks very much! 
Subject: Please Send Me Your Hotel Invoice & Any Taxi Receipts for Trip to Los Angeles, CA from 11/13 - 11/15/19 
Please send me your hotel invoice and any taxi receipts you may have for your trip to Los Angeles, CA from 11/13 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
email, please don’t hesitate to give a call. No emergency or rush, but did want to ask. 
email, please don’t hesitate to give a call. No emergency or rush, but did want to ask. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Final voucher 10894369(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Attached, please find the Bureau of Prisons’ (BOP) release of the first set of records 
Thank you. Please stay on top of them and keep us posted. 
and I'll email them to you as soon as | get them together. Please give me another day to track some of this stuff down. | 
Can you please advise. If you are able to email docs, that would be great. 
will be in contact with you if he hasn't already done so. If you should need anything else please feel free to contact me 
Please let me know if you have any questions or if | can be of any further assistance. 
Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation: 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Attached, please find a brief ex parte order from Judge Karas. The same will be filed under seal. 
reached at or a. She is awaiting your reach out. Please let me 
locate. Please let me know if you have availability on either of those days. 
collection, in particular, please let us know. And if a call on those issues would be helpful, happy to set one up. 
for a quick call? If so, please let us know what might work for you. 
the final version that we plan to file. Please let me know ASAP if anything in this letter is inaccurate. 
Attached please find a draft update letter to Judge Nathan. Please let me know by the end of the day tomorrow (11/23) if 
Also, if you could please get me responses to the two questions in my below email tomorrow, I'd be very grateful. 
COVID positive individual but is still working at the MDC. Would you please check on that for 
Would you please save the attached pdf in J testifying witness 3500 folder and in his witness folder on the 
continue to work to obtain the missing items and will send them as | receive any additional documents. Please let me 
attached the DOJ Ethics Handbook here. If there is something specific you're looking for, please let 
Can you please address the questions/discrepancies noted below. Much appreciated. 
Please work on this as quickly as you can. Thanks! 
Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation: 
Thanks for letting us know about the possible meeting location change— please let us know once you've been able to 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
Please let me know if you have any difficulty accessing the discovery on the drive. 
| threw together the attached as a first attempt to put together some document subpoenas. Please let me know if there’s 
only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents 
for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
production (see attached correspondence). Would you please call me to discuss? 
The following searches have been setup for your review. Please let me know if you plan to produce these documents as it 
| have another search request for the Maxwell case, please. If there’s any way to get these searches run before you’re off 
e Please run the search terms listed in the attached Word document entitled “Epstein Responsiveness Search Terms”. 
Please tag all hits with a tag entitled “Potentially Responsive”. | believe you modified these search terms when 
running them on a larger data set in the same database. Please feel free to use those modified terms on this 
Addresses,” please pull any email with any of those addresses in the header (TO, FROM, CC, or BCC). Please tag all 
Please let me know when these searches are complete, so that | can review the Potentially Responsive hits. Once we have 
Please note that the Government is designating this letter as Confidential pursuant to the 
Based on your request for discovery in this case, enclosed please find copies of the 
' In addition to the information provided herein, please note that this Office periodically posts 
? Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
‘Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
> Please note that the Government is designating the pages of these materials stamped with the 
items listed on search inventories, please let us know, and we will make arrangements for you to 
defendant. Victim-1 was not included on that list. Please note that all three of these 
Please note that Witness-1 is also represented by counsel, Rita Glavin, a. 
available for defendants who plead prior to the Government’s initiation of trial preparations 
pursuant to U.S.S.G. § 3E1.1(b), in the event your client has not entered a plea of guilty six weeks 
Finally, please be advised that pursuant to the policy of this Office concerning plea offers, 
no plea offer is effective unless and until made in writing and signed by authorized representatives 
constitute a “formal offer” or a “plea offer,” as those terms are used in Lafler v. Cooper, 132 S. Ct. 
for an interview via video 1 Br those the week of August 26th. Please confirm whether your office 
of Ms ss ais 2004. If possible, please confirm whether our clients are in any of the 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this 
later, even if it’s a relatively brief conversation at this stage. Please let us know? 
dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the 
We just tried your office—please let us know if we should reschedule. Thanks. 
dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the 
dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please reply to the 
Thanks very much — if you could please give the DVDs to M(cc’d here) for case file storage, that would be 
The vendor has finished the document unitization and coding of the data from the 56 DVD files. Please let me know when 
you are in your office and | will return the DVD’s to you, and also please let me know if you wish to review the vendor’s 
Attached please find the accompanying cover letters to the MDC. 
Would you please keep an eye out for the drive and let us know when it has been given to Maxwell? 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
be producing them. If you would like to discuss further, please give us a call. 
for the request to be considered locally. Please also be advised that we would have to seek authority under Touhy 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
producing them. If you would like to discuss further, please give us a call. 
the request to be considered locally. Please also be advised that we would have to seek authority under Touhy through 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
need immediate assistance, please contact the other AUSA assigned to the matter. 
Since you are both much closer to the discovery and the investigation, please feel free to edit as much as you would like. 
Since you are both much closer to the discovery and the investigation, please feel free to edit as much as you would like. 
Please see attached. 
Please see the attached letter. 
please let us know and we will be happy to arrange a call or meeting to confer further at a mutually 
in the produced materials, including items listed on search inventories, please let us know, and we 
to provide us grounds or any authority as to why such information would be exculpatory, please 
At the request of Adam Mueller, please see attached the Unredacted version of Ms. Maxwell's Reply Brief in the above 
referenced matter. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. 
get it done. Please keep us posted and let us know if there is anything else we can do to assist. Thanks! 
Hopefully this works. Please confirm you are able to review. If not, | will scan and email instead. 
photos we had them save the images to a CD so you could have them in digital format. Please let us know 
so you can copy the data on the hard drive. | can have the vendor start the export on Monday. Can you please see if you 
All of the documents from this production has been bates stamped an is now available in Relativity for review. Please use 
Please let me know if there are any issues with the production. Also, for this production please let me know if you would 
like to produce all of the native files or only the native files that could not be imaged. Please note that for the native files 
format. Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Oh and would you also please save them here once they’re exported 
Thank you [j. Would you please start at bates number SDNY_GM_00328864 and mark all the documents confidential. 
Can you please let me know what bates number you want to use for this production and let me know if there will be a 
| know you want to produce these documents can you please tell me the following: 
4. Also please note that once the documents have been loaded to Relativity there is no way to run any searches for 
Please let me know if there are any questions. 
Please let us know if this approach sounds right to you or if you would like to discuss. 
Thanks [, no further edits on this. Please let us know how it goes next week, and thank you to all of you for all of 
| am available for a call between 9 — 11 am this morning and between 12:30 and 2 PM today. Please let me know what 
responsiveness review of the Epstein SW returns on Relativity, please? 
Please see the attached letter and attachment. Please let us know if you have any questions. 
with these requests. Please contact us with any further questions. 
attention, please cont 
> Please let me know if there are issues opening and | can resend. Due to size, had to send multiple emails. 
Please let me know if there are issues opening and I can resend. Due to size, had to send multiple emails. 
Arraignment Bond hearing Bond signing Change of plea 
Arraignment Bond hearing Bond signing Change of plea 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to a disc: 
Tomorrow morning could you please burn the following folders to a disc: 
Please do not state any identifying information. For example, if we talk about your job you 
please let me know. And please keep in mind that if you are selected as a juror, we will continue 
Please sit quietly until your number is called and you are brought into the courtroom for 
We’re preparing a new version of the proposed redactions to the MILs that withdraw some of our proposals. Please let 
version before we send it to the Court. In particular, please let us know by Thursday at 10 a.m. so we have some time 
refundable rate. Please confirm the dates you would like me to be in NY next week as well as what dates you 
chance to review, let's find a time to speak on the phone. Please let us know some times that work for you. 
could start in the morning, like 10 am, but please let me know what works for you. As for meeting in- 
person, let’s plan on November 12 and 13. For travel logistics, | need the following information, please: 
and/or on Friday the 12th. Please let me know if that works for you - Alternatively, | could also be in 
Can you please let me know some days and times that work for you? If a weekend is better, we 
trip to Italy. Please let me know some dates that work for you for an in-person meeting in New 
Okay, please call my cel: 
If that does work please let us know what number to call you on? 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on 
we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA Privacy 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on the 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
Okay, please call my -/ ii 
If that does work please let us know what number to call you on? 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
this email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
Got it, thanks. Please make those changes and pass up. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [j, please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Please don’t hesitate to be in touch if there are any questions or issues, or if another substantial period of time has gone 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this 
please let us know and we should be able to make that work at your office, but otherwise we’re happy to touch base in 
Please let us know what you prefer, and we'll go from there. 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
GB. confirming March 17 at 1030. However please I understand that these dates and times have to 
Please excuse ty ographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
please let us know if you prefer a different time, we should be flexible that day. 
|| following are dates that are bad for [J Please let me know dates that work for oy and I will 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
or question that she wanted to pass on, or discuss with you in the moment, etc., would be totally up to her. Please 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender 
Please advise if my understanding is correct. 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
theories), and we’re assuming familiarity with our recent memorandum regarding potential co-conspirators. Please let us 
Please confirm whether you would be available for a preliminary telephone call on Friday LOth January 2020. 
| would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. 
please advise whether that is correct? We — my colleagues A, EE and | — can be reached 
anytime at these email addresses, or please let us know if you would prefer to set up a time to discuss via phone. 
Attached, in letter format, please find a version of an Attorney Proffer regarding J) EJ and her 
Should you feel that an interview is necessary, please propose a couple of dates before January 20, 2020 (1 
are not the intended recipient(s) or his/her agent, please be advised that any disclosure, use, review, copying, selling, dissemination, publication, or distribution of this 
transmission is strictly unauthorized and prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender at the number above, return the original e-mail by 
about additional possible exposure you should please feel free to be in touch with us again. As we also discussed, | 
Please let us know if any other information would be useful at this stage, and hopefully we can be in touch in the coming 
Please confirm whether you would be available for a preliminary telephone call on Friday 10th January 2020. 
| would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. 
please advise whether that is correct? We — my colleagues ES and | — can be reached 
anytime at these email addresses, or please let us know if you would prefer to set up a time to discuss via phone. 
ones we've already previously discussed), please let us know, and otherwise we certainly will send any additional process 
discussing. For any additional subpoenas in this investigation directed to JPMorgan, could you please direct them to us? 
separate email. Please let us know if you have any issues accessing the materials. 
Please consider the environment before printing this email. 
the intended recipient, please notify us immediately—by replying to this message or by sending an email to postmaster@wilmerhale.com—and destroy all 
For more information about WilmerHale, please visit us at http://www.wilmerhale.com. 
Yes please, thank you. 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
Please read both of these very closely and give me a call if you see any inaccuracies or errors. Once you’re signed off, let 
We will call you at 2:30/4:30 today -- please let me know what number is best to reach you. 
attachments. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify sender at the New Mexico Attorney General's 
and/or any of its attachments. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify sender at the New Mexico 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
during your client's regular social visiting hours. However, please be advised that once your client returns to general 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
inadequate, please advise and Adam and I will take the issue back to our administrators. 
privilege, but something very general (e.g. a plea is on the table, a cooperation agreement is on the table, etc.) might 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
up to firm up plans as we get closer. If there are any conflicts with that date, please let us know, we’re happy 
As we start thinking about scheduling a next meeting with J we were wondering if you could please 
That works for me. Please call me on my cel. Thanks. 
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday. In light of the recent filing and media reports, 
We will be at the Hilton in West Palm Beach, at 600 Okeechobee Blvd. Please call me when you are here, and 
Since we will be traveling, please feel free to call my cell if you need to reach us for any reason: 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in touch. 
your time at your convenience as | am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is 
Attached for the Court’s consideration, please find two applications for search warrants and the corresponding proposed 
Would one of you please download the files referenced in the below email and save them on the Epstein share? 
Please see the attached correspondence from Chief Deputy Attorney General Clara Moran. 
In connection with this trip next week, could you possibly book my travel arrangements, please? That would be a big help, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Attached please find the following documents submitted to the Court and all counsel under seal pursuant to the Court’s 
copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. if you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by telephone and 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
0131N; please retain for your records. 
If you have any contract related questions, please don’t hesitate to contact me. 
Please email all invoices and payment related questions to i Remember to include 
Good afternoon. Please see attached from Brad Edwards. 
Please 00 NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquines, please cal +1-646-783-7100 or vis# our Contact Us page. 
continue to work to obtain the missing items and will send them as | receive any additional documents. Please let me 
attached the DOJ Ethics Handbook here. If there is something specific you're looking for, please let 
Can you please address the questions/discrepancies noted below. Much appreciated. 
Please work on this as quickly as you can. Thanks! 
Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation: 
matter, please contact Al sa For all other assistance, please contact Aus at nae 
Subject: RE: Please read - child exploitation/sex crimes case updates 
Subject: RE: Please read - child exploitation/sex crimes case updates 
Subject: RE: Please read - child exploitation/sex crimes case updates 
Please review the attached list, noting the most recent entry for any case under your name. Then... 
e = If the case is uncharged, please advise me of the status of any expected charges and/or come by to discuss next 
e If the case has been charged, please send me a quick email with any updates to the case status (e.g., pled, 
sentenced, on appeal) or, if the status is up to date, please confirm that no changes need to be made. 
Thanks in advance for your prompt reply to this email. (Read: Please don’t make me hunt you down for updates — this will 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF] 
When you are back from leave, would you please check to see what, if any, VNS notifications have been sent out to the 
When you are back from leave, would you please check to see what, if any, VNS notifications have been sent out to the 
For transportation please call or ni iii. If you need to speak to me you 
Please see attached Defendant, Michael Thomas, Motion to Compel Discovery. Motion was 
prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return email. 
If any or a1] propused iaprovements are to be buile under « federal cost-share programs, please check which pro- 
materials we discussed. In the first instance, so that you have full contact info for the team, please feel free to reach out 
As we mentioned, please don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions, and we look forward to setting a time to speak 
that “a plea agreement in one U.S. Attorney’s office does not, unless otherwise stated, bind 
another.” United States v. Prisco, 391 F. App’x 920, 921 (2d Cir. 2010) (“A plea agreement binds 
only the office of the United States Attorney for the district in which the plea is entered unless it 
which presumes a narrow reading of the boundaries of a plea agreement unless a defendant can 
defendant pleading guilty to counts relating to “obstruction,” as well as “harassment,” with 
that the defendant could plead guilty to 18 U.S.C. § 403, that is, a knowing or intentional violation 
a possible obstruction plea that “could rely on the incident where Mr. Epstein’s private 
Thanks again for the update and all of your help. Attached please find our MLAT request. Please let us know if you have 
Please let me know if we can hand-deliver legal mail for Ms. Maxwell to 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
> If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Please see the attached Order that was filed under seal today in 19-mc-179. 
Please see the attached letter in connection with the order referenced below, in the above-captioned case. 
Please see the attached PDF for an Order that was filed under seal today in 19-mc-179. 
To ensure proper credit, please return this portion with your payment to FedEx. 
Please do not staple or fold, Please make your check payable to FedEx. 
Please include detailed explanation for each adjusiment request. 
Please Explain 
Other - Please Explain 
To request adjustments for Service Failures or lack of a POD, please call 1-800-622-1147, 
Please indicate change in address for the account # listed below: 
Thanks so much! Once you have the renumbered files, would you please prepare them for production to the defense? 
Would you please take a look at request number 6 below and figure out how to address it? | believe you may need to 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
*Please coordinate your compliance with this subpoena and confirm the date and time , and location of 
Would you please coordinate with J to get her (or whoever from the FBI is delivering the drives to the MDC) the two 
discovery to date. (If the drive without a cord isn’t ready by the time the FBI is picking it up, please just give them the one 
January 11". I’ve cc’d Special Agent ia ae who will be coordinating the delivery. Would you please let us know 
>>> you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the 
our office to the MDC today, please? 
Yes, I will meet you outside 1SA at 11:30 today. If anything comes up, please feel free to give me a call at aa Thank you! 
> Would you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please assist in getting this legal mail provided to her today. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Please let me know if this is acceptable. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Hope you're doing well. Could you please help us create some review batches for this database? In particular, if 
you could please create batches of all materials designated responsive in the search warrant database that hit on 
Thanks so much! Once you have the renumbered files, would you please prepare them for production to the defense? 
Would you please take a look at request number 6 below and figure out how to address it? | believe you may need to 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
sign for it). Per usual, if you could please take a look at it when you receive it, and then send on to PAE for processing and 
I am pretty sure NYC027913 is included with the items has. If not, please let me know. 
the most recent disc. Those folders are: NYCO24328, NYCO24366, and NYCO24392. Can you please let us know 
NYC024367 (row 62), and NYCO27910 (row 96). Please confirm that these were added, and also that we’re not 
Could you please confirm that | have those additions correct, and that I’m not missing any? And it looks like all of those 
NYCO24395 — could you please let us know what that means? 
Please see attached conferral letter. 
received this transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original transmission and its 
| think J is particularly swamped this week — can you please take the lead on whatever we’re going to do with this 
Please see attached conferral letter. 
received this transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original transmission and its 
Please let us know when it arrives. 
That’s extremely helpful, thanks so much. We'll plan to put the drive in the mail tomorrow, and of course please let us 
you please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it’s our understanding that hard drives with discovery 
Attached please find OPR’s final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
Please see below. Would you please use the link to send Maxwell’s counsel a copy of everything you prepared in response 
to point 6 of their earlier email? And would you also please take a look at the bates ranges in their most recent email 
Thanks for the follow-up. Please send the documents to the FTP link below: 
Below please find our responses. 
of all 1.2 million documents with the specific Subject Device indicated, please let me know, and | will ask one of 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
number 6 but we only addressed that one specifically. Please let us know if we should be working on any of the other 
Thanks so much! Once you have the renumbered files, would you please prepare them for production to the defense? 
Would you please take a look at request number 6 below and figure out how to address it? | believe you may need to 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
Rodgers000001-000027 were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
large. Please provide us with a 64 GB drive if you would like us to reproduce those ranges. 
Thanks for the follow-up. Please send the documents to the FTP link below: 
Below please find our responses. 
of all 1.2 million documents with the specific Subject Device indicated, please let me know, and | will ask one of 
We write to raise a number of discovery issues. Please let us know your position on these issues at your earliest 
Eee Were not produced to us. Please produce these documents to us or provide an 
explanation why you are not producing them to us. Please confirm whether there are other documents that were 
government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. 
the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affidavit or any other materials from the 
review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify 
Bill of Particulars pursuant to Rule 7(f) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. Please let us 
1. Please provide the full names and full birthdays of the individuals identified in the 
2. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly met and/or 
3. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly “groomed” 
4. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Jeffrey Epstein allegedly sexually 
Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly “was 
Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Minor Victim-1 participated in 
Please describe with particularity the conduct that the government contends is a “group 
Please describe with particularity how Ms. Maxwell allegedly “involved” Minor 
Please identify the dates when Minor Victim-1 allegedly traveled “across state lines for 
. Please identify the dates when Ms. Maxwell allegedly enticed Minor Victim-1 “to 
. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly met and/or 
. Please identify the dates when Minor Victim-2 allegedly traveled across state lines to 
. Please identify the dates when Ms. Maxwell allegedly “groomed” Minor Victim-2 to 
. Please describe with particularity what Ms. Maxwell allegedly did as part of the 
. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly met and/or 
. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly introduced 
17. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly “groomed” 
18. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Jeffrey Epstein allegedly sexually 
19. Please describe with particularity the “sex acts” that Minor Victim-3 allegedly engaged 
20. Please identify the dates when Minor Victim-3 allegedly traveled in interstate or 
21. Please specify when the conspiracies charged in Count One and Count Three began 
22. Please identify the “others” who allegedly participated in the conspiracies charged in 
23. Please identify any individuals who were enticed to travel, or were transported, in 
24. Please identify the dates when, and the locations where, Ms. Maxwell participated in 
25. Please describe with particularity the conduct that the government believes constitutes 
26. Please identify who allegedly enticed Minor Victim-1! to travel from Florida to New 
27. Please identify from whom Ms. Maxwell was allegedly trying to “conceal her crimes” 
28. Please identify “the specific events and acts of abuse” about which Ms. Maxwell 
Superseding Indictment please specify why the Government contends the statement 
Please see attached. 
| hope you all had a good holiday. Please see attached a request for a Bill of Particulars. 
review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify 
prevent surprise, and to interpose a plea of double jeopardy should [the defendant] be prosecuted 
Please let us know if you have any questions or would like to discuss the foregoing. 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
PCU — Please join me in congratulating i on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. 
As referenced in the letter filed on ECF today in the above-referenced case (Dkt. No. 332), attached please find the 
First, !am pleased to announce that we will maintain a standing Disclosure Committee to help the Office navigate our 
working, or these issues generally, please share them with your unit chiefs, any member of the Disclosure Committee or 
Please be advised that the historical employment records you are requesting, for the time 
Should you have any further questions, please feel free to contact me iii 
Thank you for speaking with us earlier. Attached please find the grand jury subpoena directed to your client, 
GH. Please contact us with any questions. 
Hey no attachment, please re-send? Thanks. 
you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the e-mail or any attachments. Instead, please 
you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the e-mail or any attachments. Instead, please 
assistance in connection with United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact AUSA a at For all other matters, 
please contact uu ii at as Thank you. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
In case you're interested, attached is the final version of our brief, as filed. Please note that this is filed under seal (the 
public version will have a bunch of redactions), so please keep it on our system and do not share outside the office. 
coordinated with your office. Please seeffj information below. 
Iam out of the office through September 3, 2021. During that ws ve limited access to email and voicemail. For urgent matters, please 
through for [J so she can see it. If not, please let me know. 
scans” folder. Would you please get us a scans of these without post-its on them? 
Would you please get us copies of those returns? 
please be able to get us these this week? 
scanned, including anything seized during any searches. Please produce to SDNY all of those scans, except any 
nude or partially nude images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how 
for review. Then please produce to SDNY a copy all of those materials, except any nude or partially nude 
images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such images were 
Please let me know if you have any questions or if it would be useful to hop on a call. 
Attached please find a cover letter regarding today’s production of discovery materials in US v. Maxwell. The password for 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any difficulty accessing these materials or if 
GE — Can we please jump on a call this afternoon to discuss? As you can see, we have only until Monday to respond. 
Attached please find a memo endorsement from Judge Karas. 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
| hope all is well. Can you please bring this letter to the attention of the judge? Note that | copied the lawyer for the MCC 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its 
Attached please find the draft of our update letter to the court regarding Maxwell. Would you please review and confirm 
Please let me know if you’d like anything further done with this. Thanks so much! 
My HQ has the following question on the underlying case, can you please forward this to the prosecutors on the 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
I will provide that, please give me a few. 
Attached please find a supplemental discovery production in the above-referenced case, as well as a corresponding cover 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
On August 13, Sasse urged Attorney General Barr to rip up the plea deal with Epstein that still 
could you please let us know who that person will be? So far we've just gotten the request from one plaintiff's counsel, 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
could you please let us know who that person will be? So far we’ve just gotten the request from one plaintiff's counsel, 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
could you please let us know who that person will be? So far we’ve just gotten the request from one plaintiff's counsel, 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
any way that | can assist, please let me know. 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Working on it right now. {J please check with [J to see if we should use the same docket no as was 
Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
Cover letters for both and 3500 indices (excel version) are attached. Please let me know as soon as you can if there are 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
case. Enclosed please find an index detailing the materials included in today’s production. 
contain, among other things, certain witness statements. Enclosed please find an index detailing 
Please note that this letter, the enclosed index, and the enclosed materials are govemed 
Hi - can | please clarify if I'm allowed to identify a») name as she has previously waived her right to 
being provided in advance of the trial to ensure efficient communications. Please take careful note. 
Please also note that all case filings in U.S. v. Maxwell are available in the Court's electronic filing system; we 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE AT (212) 637-2600. 
"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail" 
this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not 
Okay, please keep us posted on this regularly. In particular, let us know if you end up getting the phone/ipad from 
would be available for you to meet up with between 9:30 am — 12:30 pm Monday — Friday. Please let me know which you 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [, please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
With those caveats, possible questions are below, and please let us know if it would be useful for us to chat again before 
you talk with your client, or otherwise please let us know when it would next be appropriate to check in. 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the sender immediately, destroy 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at wwwfieldfisher.com. 
Jeffrey Epstein a favorable plea deal in 2007. The documents were unsealed in a civil case brought by 
an Epstein victim, against Ghislaine Maxwell, his alleged madam. Please email or call me on 
Yes please 
Hey, | stopped by your office but didn’t catch you — could you please swing by and pick up this thumb drive whenever 
sign for it). Per usual, if you could please take a look at it when you receive it, and then send on to PAE for processing 
I am pretty sure NYC027913 is included with the items an has. If not, please let me know. 
the most recent disc. Those folders are: NYCO24328, NYCO24366, and NYCO24392. Can you please let us know 
NYC024367 (row 62), and NYCO27910 (row 96). Please confirm that these were added, and also that we’re not 
Could you please confirm that | have those additions correct, and that I’m not missing any? And it looks like all of those 
NYCO024395 — could you please let us know what that means? 
Hey, | stopped by your office but didn’t catch you — could you please swing by and pick up this thumb drive whenever 
sign for it). Per usual, if you could please take a look at it when you receive it, and then send on to PAE for processing 
I am pretty sure NYC027913 is included with the items has. If not, please let me know. 
the most recent disc. Those folders are: NYCO24328, NYCO24366, and NYCO24392. Can you please let us know 
NYC0O24367 (row 62), and NYCO27910 (row 96). Please confirm that these were added, and also that we're not 
Could you please confirm that | have those additions correct, and that I’m not missing any? And it looks like all of those 
NYCO24395 — could you please let us know what that means? 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact the FBI at 1- 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
ae. open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
ae. open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
LD open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
ae open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
this point, | feel more invested than usual in the work you are doing. Please let me know if there is any help, no 
ae. open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
this point, | feel more invested than usual in the work you are doing. Please let me know if there is any help, 
ae. open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. 
Please see the attached file. 
| should be ready to send the hard drive to the vendor by tomorrow. Please let me know how you would like to proceed 
Please see the attached PDF for an Order that was filed under seal today in 19-mc-179. 
I will be out of the office until September 16 with no access to email. If you need immediate assistance, please contact is 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
generally be able to make myself available at your convenience, and please let me know if any information would be 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Please process the following: 
Below please find responses to the issues you raised: 
files” being the standard then. Can you please confirm? | know that Chris has written separately about the many files for 
“Missing from Assigned Box” items — can you please provide more of an explanation for all “missing items”? 
week of April 19". Please just let me know what day you prefer, and we will coordinate with the FBI to arrange for the 
the “excluded from transportation” items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at x. 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and |! will inquire as 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
e Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
e As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
« Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
« Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
« Please delete the following folders: 
- ER is the same person as - would you please move everything from the 
« Please merge everything in the] folder into thefolder 
- EE is the same persons as who is a testifying witness. Would you please move the 
Please move it and delete his folder. Same thing for the folder. 
- Es the same person al, a potential testifying witness. Could you please move those 
- Inthe MM folder, there’s a transcript of a deposition of Mark Epstein. Could you please move that into a 
ES SS 2: EE: could you please 
Could | ask you to please cover those? Or if any issues | can also try to move one or more of them, too. And | should be 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
May | please have the victim statement that you read for starters and | will reach out with my other spellings 
Please do not let us down by allowing her the opportunity to 
Please provide as much of this information as possible today. I’m very sorry for the quick turnaround but 
Please provide as much of this information as possible today. I’m very sorry for the quick turnaround but 
Thanks J would you mind sending me a zipped version please? I'll get this out to defense counsel after 
> Please anyone let me know if any issues? And thanks again to all for the quick fix. 
Thanks {J — would you mind sending me a zipped version please? I'll get this out to defense counsel after 
> Please anyone let me know if any issues? And thanks again to all for the quick fix. 
please feel free to refer them to us. 
you haven't heard back from us by the end of the week, or if you need a response sooner than that, please ping us to 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e- 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
That’s extremely helpful, thanks so much. We'll plan to put the drive in the mail tomorrow, and of course please let us 
please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it’s our understanding that hard drives with discovery 
If anyone has not sent John their monthly updates, please do so today. Thanks very much. 
elps. Please let me know if you need anything more. 
GR please let us know if we need to move the time. Thanks! 
Please find attached an order signed by Judge Nathan. 
Attached please find defense counsels’ request to bring personal electronic devices into the courthouse as well as a 
GS, please let me know if this time doesn’t work—[ has availability tomorrow as well. Thanks. 
Please use dial in I with passcode I. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please find attached a letter regarding the Government's production in this case. We are uploading a zip file containing 
the discovery materials to USAfx. Additionally, please find attached one additional page of discovery, which has been 
marked attorney’s eyes only. Please contact us with any questions or if you have any difficulty accessing the production. 
The foregoing information is subject to the protective order. Please contact us with any questions. 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
Today we are producing to you an additional photograph in discovery. Attached please find the bates stamped 
Please note that both this letter and the enclosed materials are governed by the July 31, 
produce any additional discoverable material of which it becomes aware. Please do not hesitate 
docketed on ECF unless a request to seal is being made. Furthermore, please note that Judge Nathan does not 
Please see below. Would you be able to send the hotel confirmation for [J please? I'm reattaching the 
Would a 2 p.m. start work on your end? Please let me know. 
Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster(@crowell.com<mailto:postmaster@crowell.com>) by reply e- 
including your client, to please fill out the attached form. Would you please send me the completed forms in 
Attached please find the fact witness travel form for the Maxwell victim we've previously discussed. |’ll swing by your 
Please describe the unusual expense: 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
PCU — Please join me in congratulating i on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. J 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact the FBI at 1- 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
3. Post plea, pre-sentence 
Please see attached. 
Please add exposure on each count. thnx 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
GE. following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [M. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Please see condition report for property details. 
19. Supplemental Liens/ Judgement Expenses: Please see attached report for full lien detail(s). Supplemental Lien Amount: 
or an attorney title opinion, please let us know and we will obtain a legal opinion or attorney title 
title to the subject real property. If you require a legal opinion of title or an attorney title opinion, please 
Please see attached Defendant, Michael Thomas, Motion to Compel Discovery that was 
prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return email. 
If there are any questions please contact cith II: . Ti 
we’d really appreciate your help. Or if there’s someone else we should reach out to in the Civil Division instead, please 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
Attached please find an order that Judge Nathan just issued on the docket in Maxwell’s case, which directs the MDC to 
time Monday morning, in particular, please let us know. Thanks, Jj 
Attached please find OPR’s final Report in the Jeffrey Epstein matter, and a transmittal letter. 
Would you please put the attached into a non-testifying witness folder for i? 
Please see attached from Maxwell's attorneys. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Hope everyone is having a nice weekend. Attached is a draft letter, please feel free to edit freely. | tried to capture 
defense counsel's position in this letter, but again, please edit if you think | have missed anything. [J asked to see this 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e- 
As always, please do not hesitate to reach out with any questions or comments regarding anything related to the 
ODT. If you are not the intended recipient of this email please inform us and the sender immediately. You must not take any action 
ODT. If you are not the intended recipient of this email please inform us and the sender immediately. You must not take any action 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
The transcript is attached—hope this helps. Please let me know if you need anything else. 
Hi RMP, Please see the attached ECC request package for [I 
If required, please inform the traveler how to determine who the POC is for this trip. 
Hi QM Please let EOUSA know if you have checked to see if a visa is required for your destination. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Could you please add this to NTW 3500? In addition, hard copy 3500 for is on my desk when you have a minute. We 
Thank you so much for your patience fill and please let me know if you encounter any issues viewing these tax 
Yesterday, | was out of the office. Please burn the ZIP file toa DVD. Once the DVD is ready, call me at a and | 
| hope you’re well! | am writing to follow up on my previous email from yesterday. Please let me know what works best for 
materials onto a hard drive. Please let me know what you prefer, and | will get these materials to you as soon as | can. 
the defendant’s criminal history, any credit for a guilty plea, and the effect 
Hi— See attached. Again, please feel free to edit as you see fit. Happy to discuss. Thank you! 
Here you go — please feel free to edit 
Here you go — please feel free to edit 
could please provide [ij statement in a separate pdf with whatever attribution she is comfortable with. We will plan 
of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
If this is an urgent matter, please call the institution at ae: ask for the relevant department. 
Can we discuss something please. 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the sender 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at www.fieldfisher.com. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Apologies for piling on, but if you could please also make slides that have the following excerpts of the attached 
excerpt from flight records. The records are attached — could you please make slides excerpting the records (and flagging 
Fyi, please see below. Thanks 
Welcome to White Plains. Here is the schedule for Monday. Please reply with the case name and USAO number for your 
case. This schedule may change and cases will likely be added. Please do your best to stick to your allotted time. A couple 
e Please arrive early and wear a mask as you enter the courthouse. Come to the floor. We will have fresh masks 
e Please have your agents park in the street or use the municipal lot near the Courthouse. 
sealing please don’t forget to provide the warrants and the reasons for the sealing to them. 
Thank you very much. Attached please find a revised affidavit correcting the error that Judge Gorenstein identified. 
Judge Gorenstein has reviewed the warrant materials. Please call him at J with your agent on the 
line at 9:10 a.m. If there is no answer, please leave a callback number by voicemail or text and the Judge will 
respond to you shortly thereafter. If you need a different call-in time, please let us know. Additionally, Judge 
Attached for Judge Gorenstein’s review please find an application for a search warrant, as well as a proposed warrant. 
Attached please find Amazon’s response to the above-referenced request. For privacy and other legal reasons, we have 
communication in error, please delete this message and do not print, share, or otherwise use this message or its contents in any way. Please also indicate by reply emai 
Attached for Judge Gorenstein’s review please find an application for a search warrant, as well as a proposed warrant. 
Thank you very much. Attached please find a revised affidavit correcting the error that Judge Gorenstein identified. 
Judge Gorenstein has reviewed the warrant materials. Please call him at (917) 882-3627 with your agent on the 
line at 9:10 a.m. If there is no answer, please leave a callback number by voicemail or text and the Judge will 
respond to you shortly thereafter. If you need a different call-in time, please let us know. Additionally, Judge 
Attached for Judge Gorenstein’s review please find an application for a search warrant, as well as a proposed warrant. 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Would it be possible to get stamped copies of this warrant reflecting the docket number, please? 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Jeffrey Epstein, please contact the FBI at 1-800-CALL FBI, and 
Do not reply to this message. If you have questions, please use the contacts in the 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
If you believe you are a victim of the sexual abuse perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein, please contact 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE CALL THE PRESS OFFICE 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Working on it right now. {J please check with [J to see if we should use the same docket no as was 
Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&E lawyer. But you are getting to 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, {§. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
I’ve copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. 
Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
investment manager who's agreed to plead guilty to soliciting underage 
News owner Mort Zuckerman, pleaded guilty to a state charge in exchange 
The plea agreement stipulated that Epstein, a billionaire from the Palm Beach County jail in 
Epstein, 56, pleaded guilty to procuring a minor for 
disgusting thing is that he pleads the fifth on everything that's been asked of him and now he 
Can you please sign the attached form and send it back to me so! can get you access to Relativity. 
Would it be possible to please give a 2<<<: to the US v Epstein and US v Epstein (SW Returns) databases 
Please let me know if | can help in any way. 
we'd really appreciate your help. Or if there’s someone else we should reach out to in the Civil Division instead, please 
> That should work, thanks. Mind sending me the names and email addresses of participants, please? 
this survivor, please? 
Attached please find a prosecution memorandum requesting authorization to seek a superseding indictment charging 
get it done. Please keep us posted and let us know if there is anything else we can do to assist. Thanks! 
are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
Thank you very much. Would you have time for a quick call to discuss, please? 
Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be 
Thank you very much. Would you have time for a quick call to discuss, please? 
Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
nformation is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make arra 
cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: 
Thank you very much. Would you have time for a quick call to discuss, please? 
Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. 
error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return 
accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure 
Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be 
Hey (J — Can you please stamp the documents located here: 
If you need any additional info (visa/passport applications, travel records, etc.) or have any questions please don’t hesitate 
including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and 
Thanks again for helping; we really appreciate it. Attached are the records. Please let us know if you have any questions. 
laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender 
ender. If you feel this is a suspicious-looking email, please report by using the Report Phish button option. 
Would one of you please save the attached 2 pdfs in the testifying witness 3500 and witness folders for i on 
have any questions about the rule or the order, please let us know. 
Please let us know if you have additional questions. 
Following up on our recent discussions, please see the attached letter from our Office. 
If you have some time later today or early next week for a call, please let us know. 
Copy. | can set it up via phone for later this week or next week. J, IJ end J can you please give me days and 
Thank you. The record came from Associate Warden J. Will you please reach out to her, give her the 
standard voluntariness warning, and ask her where the sign came from? Can you please ask how she got it, whether she 
The substance of the two hour Captain video review and six hour IDO video review is unclear. Please clarify 
the requirement for the Captain and IDO. Additionally, please identify the documentation used to maintain 
Please see the attached checklist. 
Please develop and provide local training for all staff that at a minimum reviews the time frame for 
Please provide documentation for the follow-up training provided to staff detailing the content of the training 
placement match. Please provide an operational definition of periodic. Please do the same for routine, as it 
Captain at the conclusion of each count for corrective action. Please see the attached schedule. 
Please provide a copy of the log book audit. 
Please see below. Would one of you please prepare a new CD with a copy of this production dated 5/21/21 and send it to 
manager looked into the complaints she made, and discovered the disc has a scratch on it. Can you please mail a new 
Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. 
e = Already in a cage, not particularly pleasant; add stress of having handheld camera pointed directly at you; 
e = If think client needs more than 13 hours a day, please let me know; when pushed MDC to allow for time to 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Please find attached extension letters (one ex parte and under seal, two public) in the Epstein FOIA. Please let me know if 
Please note that in the District of New Hampshire, it is our practice to hide video and mute all 
Please do not start your video or unmute yourself unless you are called upon by the court to 
55 Pleasant Street, Room 110 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Have you run this budget/project by Ed yet? If not, would you mind doing so tomorrow or when you next can. Please 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
prefer to just get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
what the current estimate is? | don’t think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
to convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
ma. it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, i, please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think 
| understand that some number of the devices are ready to come to us as early as today or tomorrow. Could you please 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, §§. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
| understand that some number of the devices are ready to come to us as early as today or tomorrow. Could you please 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials differently than that. 
GE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
the current estimate is? | don’t think we’ve started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for approximate 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review the 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [J please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current timeline — 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think FBI 
Once you've had the chance to look into this, mind having a call to discuss please? 
Please provide explanation for this interference and evidence of remediation 
*Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
would let him know if that was incorrect. So please let me know if we should convey something else, and I’m happy to 
Have you run this budget/project by Ed yet? If not, would you mind doing so tomorrow or when you next can. Please 
please let us know when we will be able to get the materials? | expect a judge will ask us about discovery as early as this 
prefer to just get everything at once in a usable format, but please let us know if you expect to produce materials 
HE, following up on the below — please let us know? Given case developments in recent days, this has become 
what the current estimate is? | don’t think we've started to get anything yet but please correct me if I’m wrong. 
to convey the information. If you are confused by anything, please let me know. In the column for 
| have no doubt you do, but can you please tell us what that plan is? Thanks! 
GE, it would be very helpful for us if you could please use the attached spreadsheet in transmitting that info so we 
Please let us know if there are any questions. 
Okay thanks — please do let us know if at any point that changes, otherwise we'll look forward to being able to review 
transmission of the search warrant returns is no longer likely? If so could you please let us know what the current 
Also, [§. please reach out to me at one of the numbers below so we can brain storm. Thanks. 
waiting on that list to be able to do an updated search warrant on all of those devices. Please let us know the current 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
Can you please take the steps necessary to make sure Mr. Tartaglione is released from quarantine and placed in a cell that 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
2020 are due to the Court today. Attached please find the Government’s proposed redactions. Please let us know if these 
Please click here to download the file. 
When setting up initial account, please be sure to check your spam/junk email folder for the notification email. 
Here are some proposed revisions. Please take a look and let me know what you think. I think 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
substance is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return 
GE and | are traveling to West Palm Beach next week for the Epstein case. Could you please help book our 
Conference Room: please book a conference room at the Hilton for both Tuesday and Wednesday. If they have a 
assistance in connection with United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact AUSA as a For all other matters, 
please contact us ii ey Thank you. 
Understood—thank you for getting back to me. |'ll be up late tonight, so I’d be grateful if you would please give me a call 
you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please 
(Also just on the pictures, we do want copies of those as well, please including from the discs and the devices — | think 
Please see "Clinical Contact" dated today. 
Mr. EPST EIN presented in a pleasant mood and reported he is generally doing well. He stated, "| could be better,” but 
grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
through for J so she can see it. If not, please let me know. 
scans” folder. Would you please get us a scans of these without post-its on them? 
you please get us copies of those returns? 
please be able to get us these this week? 
including anything seized during any searches. Please produce to SDNY all of those scans, except any nude or 
partially nude images. For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such 
for review. Then please produce to SDNY a copy all of those materials, except any nude or partially nude images. 
For nude or partially nude images, please provide us with a log detailing how many such images were located, 
Please let me know if you have any questions or if it would be useful to hop on a call. 
| hope this email finds you well. As discussed during our August 10, 2020 call, please find attached a cover letter 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. 
Please consider the environment before printing this email. 
the intended recipient, please notify us immediately—by replying to this message or by sending an email to postmaster@wilmerhale.com—and destroy all 
For more information about WilmerHale, please visit us at http://www.wilmerhale.com. 
Please excuse typographical errors. Messages sent through dictation. 
If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail and delete this 
please let us know and we should be able to make that work at your office, but otherwise we're happy to touch base in 
Please let us know what you prefer, and we'll go from there. 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
confirming March 17 at 1030. However please | understand that these dates and times have to 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e-mail 
please let us know if you prefer a different time, we should be flexible that day. 
BE folowing are dates that are bad for [J Please let me know dates that work for oy and I will 
prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender by e- 
or question that she wanted to pass on, or discuss with you in the moment, etc., would be totally up to her. Please 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication by error, please immediately notify the sender 
Please advise if my understanding is correct. 
Following up on the below — please let us know? Thanks very much. 
pressure anyone, at all. Please let us know if it makes sense to chat, and if so, what time ranges would work for you later 
We wanted to follow up on this from last month. Please let us know? (And obviously we're past late July now, but we 
Please let us know if you would like to speak with our client. We are happy to facilitate this conversation. 
Please see attached. 
Please let us know if you have any questions. 
Great. Tomorrow at 12PM PST/3PM EST works. Please call our conference line at. 
I can give you a call at 3:00 p.m. tomorrow (Thursday). Please let me know what number is best to reach you at, 
Wonderful, {. I am available tomorrow through Friday from 1PM-3PM EST. Please let me know 
We would be happy to set up a call to speak with you and receive the new information—please let us know a 
more information from that may be important to your investigation. Please let us 
Great. Please call our conference line at MJ. You should receive an invitation in a few 
Yes, we can do Wednesday at 12:30 p.m. PST (3:30 p.m. EST). Please let us know the best number to 
PST (2:00 p.m. EST). Please let us know the best number to reach you at, and we'll give you a call 
Please let me know if any of these times work for you. 
herself. Please let us know when a good time would be for an attorney proffer? And we can figure 
client to make a statement. Please let me know how to proceed. 
received this e-mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please nouly us immediately of 
the error by return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your 
this e-mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by 
relum e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
e-mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by retum e- 
mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of thas e-maal is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return e-mail and 
please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return e-mail and please 
error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return e-mail and please delete 
any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return e-mail and please delete this 
review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return e-mail and please delete this message and 
staff continue to be available via videoconference, email, telephone, and fax. Please do not send mail or 
information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original. Any 
continue to be available via videoconference, email, telephone, and fax. Please do not send mail or attempt 
information. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original. Any 
At the request of Jeffrey S. Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Letter Motion, Affidavit, and accompanying 
Unit updates are due. Please let me know if you plan on submitting and 
PLEA CONFERENCE Pot. my # 
here for a Plea conference. 
affidavit in both cases, please? 
time of this Plea. Is this the -- and the 
THE COURT: One page after the plea 
Signature on the plea sheet that recites 
the terms of the plea I just read? 
to be articulated in the plea Sheet which 
Standard conditions in the plea Sheet 
Plea sheet. That's why I'm asking the 
Plea agreements which is why I'm asking. 
THE COURT: The plea agreement Stated 
referring to in the Plea sheet is the one 
in a second aS a part of the whole plea. 
Pleading guilty to does not require the -- 
Pleasure of having someone from the 
Plea that you've agreed to? 
about the terms of the plea? 
required by this Plea. Anyone on 
THE COURT: Did you read the plea in 
this plea? 
are not a United States citizen your plea 
other than the terms of this Plea to get 
you to enter this Plea? 
a plea in criminal court? 
result of this Plea agreement. [In Other 
Plea today. That is @ confidential 
Say, to your Caking this Plea is that the 
MR, GOLDBERGER: And the Plea 
these pleas unless they are freely and 
giving up by entering this Plea? 
THE COURT: State, please give me a 
factual basis to Support the pleas. 
this plea? 
with the plea? 
with the plea? 
plea? 
plea. 
previously entered pleas of not guilty, 
enter pleas of guilty pursuant to 
to accept those pleas on your behalf. I 
consequence of entering this plea, you are 
Pursuant to the plea, I am waiving 
> | am really sorry but I am not going to be able to make it Wednesday. Please apologize to the victims for me. I 
please let us know especially if you think her situation is, or becomes, an emergency. 
hibited. if you have received this communication in error, please notify 
distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
Could you please pull the FinCEN records listed below and circulate to the team? It sounds like they're 
will allow you to pull the records up in FinCEN Query or cross-reference with your files. Please let me know if 
intended recipient, please do not read, distribute, or take action in reliance on this message. If you have received 
this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and promptly delete this message 
please let us know if that's not correct (when aay says "the relevant SAR information" I'm not sure what 
intended recipient, please do not read, distribute, or take action in reliance on this message. If you have received 
this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and promptly delete this message 
Use this e-mail only for requests to produce prisoners for proffers. Please advise if this is a special circumstance 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call + 1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please cancel for today. Sorry. 
Ok thanks, please keep us posted. We are happy to accommodate [ij schedule. 
did it that way. If so, please send us the number to dial. Daniel from my co counsel Marianne Wang’s office will also be 
hopefully help coordinate travel. Would you please provide [J with your new client’s name as it appears on her 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
The contents of this message may be privileged and confidential. If this message has been received in error, please delete it without 
reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended to waive any applicable privilege. Please do not disseminate this message 
received in error, please delete it without reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended 
to waive any applicable privilege. Please do not disseminate this message without the 
(below), which is easier to open for that subpage so that you can see how the subpages will look. Please let me 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Chiefs and Project Safe Childhood Coordinator, please remind the assigned AUSA to make updates in their 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Subject: Please make binder this morning? 
Hi SR | have an interview beginning at 930, could you please print a binder of these documents? Order should be: 
you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please 
That time works for us, thanks. Could you please circulate a dial-in? 
addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of 
would escort us, and we will not speak to any of the guards present given the ongoing investigations. Please give me 
Thank you for your guidance during the tour. Please let us know if you have further questions or need anything else. It was 
escort us, and we will not speak to any of the guards present given the ongoing investigations. Please give me a call with 
subpoena on her behalf. Please see attached. 
Please pre 
Additionally, please utilize the following text in the subpoenas: 
uestions, please contact Forensic Accountant _ _ 4 or Special Agent 
Please forward the results in an electronic format to Special Agent Federal Bureau of 
If you have any questions or comments, please contact me. 
like to view at 290 Broadway please let me know and I will coordinate. 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
our Civil Division, copied here. Please note that in light of the death of the defendant and in anticipation of the entry of 
Please find attached correspondence for your attention. We intend to serve these requests separately on the 
are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
many necessary pleadings, motions and other submissions, say attorneys at 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
determine whether Paul Manafort violated his plea agreement by lying to 
House Azerbaijan Trip Organizer Pleads Guilty In Ethics Probe 
to Azerbaijan has ended with a guilty plea in D.C. federal court that will result 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Richard Gutierrez, Esq. TO REGISTER. PLEASE CLICK HERE Rhonda Epstein, Esq. 
1 Diversity, Inclusion TO REGISTER, PLEASE CLICK HERE 
TO REGISTER, PLEASE CLICK HERE 
Please advise once you've had a chance to consider. 
the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately. 
the disposition of Epstein’s property. | was assigned to respond to this. Please advise. 
(see email attached), this has been assigned to USAO-SDNY for handling. Please let me know if you have any questions or 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Multifunction Printer. 
S communication in error, plea 
Hi SE, the review is taking a little longer here, so we will get you our redactions on Monday. Please let us know if 
prohibited. If you he ‘ this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and 
to you last week. Please let me know when would be convenient for you; thanks. 
Per our discussion, please see attached. 
Please let us know if you have any questions. Thank you. 
Jeffrey Epstein. Should you require that we obtain a formal death certificate to proceed, please let 
please free to contact me by telephone at Pines or via email at fis ete ae 
records exist in our files, please reply with a letter asking for the public documents. Please send 
the records to you, please submit a new request for the documents accompanied by the written 
Please let me know how you plan to proceed. 
Please let me know how you plan to proceed. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
o Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
e As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
« Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
e Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
information about two of the witnesses. When you can, could someone please put together a binder with all witness 
19 are taking measures and may restrict travel without notice. Please view the Department of State's Travel Advisory Webpage for the 
Please email the ee mailbox if you have a safety related need to request an — to the m America Act 
If you have any additional questions or concerns regarding this matter, please contact the RMP Travel Staff at 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
HE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE 2nd | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
My view is that we should open on this today, and bring in FBI-NY’s sex crimes squad. | please let me know if you 
Subject: Prosecutors Broke Law In Epstein Plea Deal, Fla. Judge Says 
Prosecutors Broke Law In Epstein Plea Deal, Fla. Judge Says 
CVRA requires victims to be notified only of a plea 
craft a lenient plea deal for Epstein in 2008. 
generally be able to make myself available at your convenience, and please let me know if any information would be 
generally be able to make myself available at your convenience, and please let me know if any information would be 
Please see the attached PDF for an Order that was filed under seal today in 19-mc-179. 
But, Scheinberg said, that gives him more time to mix politics and pleasure in order 
Asset Manager Pleads Guilty In $164M Pump-And-Dump Scam 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Can you guys please send me our filings on bail when you can? Want to provide to Civ Div, so please let me know if 
2nd Of 5 NY Docs Eyed For Taking Insys Kickbacks Cops Plea 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call 1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
"We are pleased to get this Program up and running after months of considered and collaborative 
continue to work to obtain the missing items and will send them as | receive any additional documents. Please let me 
attached the DOJ Ethics Handbook here. If there is something specific you're looking for, please let 
Can you please address the questions/discrepancies noted below. Much appreciated. 
Please work on this as quickly as you can. Thanks! 
Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation: 
pleading guilty to one wire fraud charge last year. Read full article » 
Manafort Disputes Plea Breach, Ordered To Attend Hearing 
Wednesday his faulty memory should not be equated to a plea agreement- 
Ex-Hospital Director Pleads Guilty In $1B Health Fraud Case 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
pleaded guilty to several crimes, released ... 
Please join me and {J in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, yy, 
of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this 
of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this 
of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this 
Would you please add this to NTW for? 
To All Concerned: Please find the attached letter authored by my Client 
Please can someone let me know if it is possible to listen in on the trial or get daily 
victims would be kept informed of events? Please can you tell me who | contact? 
Attached please find the Government’s reply brief regarding Government Exhibit 52, which the Government submits 
2 plead guilty, fined $21G for 
Please see attached. | didn’t fill out the TIN on the USA47 request form. Please let us know if you need anything further. 
Please complete the USA4 request form, SOW, and have the vendor complete the payment info form. Return to me to 
We are going to go ahead with this litigation consultant. Please work with I, EE, anc 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Would you please save the attached in the witness folders for i, Ti, Juan Alcssi, 
| realize | forgot to attach the Times’s reply brief to my earlier email. Please find it attached, and thanks again for joining 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Prenda ‘Porn Troll’ Atty Pleads Guilty To Fraud Charges 
plead guilty to federal fraud and money laundering conspiracy charges. Read 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
That's perfect, thank you. Please let me know once you've dropped them off. 
Just wanted to follow up on getting the folder “1B 1-14” on USAfx. Please let us know when you've been able to upload it, 
please grab the CD and load its contents onto the Epstein share? You can save everything from the CD here: 
Please complete the USA4 request form, SOW, and have the vendor complete the payment info form. Return to me to 
We are going to go ahead with this litigation consultant. Please work with A, EE, anc 
prepare a new victim notification letter alerting victims to these dates, please? 
warehouse, so please feel free to call my cellphone (MM) when you arrive, and | can help direct you. 
please? The warehouse will be open until 4:30pm, though I’m told | can request additional time in advance if you think 
files” being the standard then. Can you please confirm? | know that Chris has written separately about the many files for 
“Missing from Assigned Box” items — can you please provide more of an explanation for all “missing items”? 
week of April 19". Please just let me know what day you prefer, and we will coordinate with the FBI to arrange for the 
the “excluded from transportation” items. Please let us know the particulars for that visit when you have a moment. 
Attached please find the revised spreadsheets, which reflect designations under the Protective Order for the three mini- 
logistics. If any questions or concerns arise, please feel free to call my cellphone at i. 
To assist in preparing for this review, attached please find annotated versions of the three evidence spreadsheets | 
spreadsheet with a confirmed designation for those three items. Additionally, please note that there is one item 
available for review next week. Please let me know if you believe you need to review that item, and | will inquire as 
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a time for a smaller group from the defense team to review evidence 
Bronx warehouse either next week or the week after. Please let us know what day you would like to arrange for 
500 Pearl Street, and which items we are designating under the Protective Order. Please note that certain items 
not expect to call at trial in this case. Please note that we intend to produce digital audio files to you containing the 
o Please let us know when these “non-transportable” items can be inspected and photographed at the Bronx 
« As far as space, can you please advise whether the largest proffer room will be available for review of evidence? It 
Please let me know if you have any questions or disagree with my understanding. If you agree, we can then proceed as 
Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with 
with cash. Please confirm this. We do not need the two “cash” evidence items transported to 500 Pearl. 
o If there are other evidence items housed somewhere other than the Bronx, please let us know what they are 
Please confirm whether all electronic recordings (other than the highly-confidential images and videos described 
below) have previously been produced to us, and if not, please explain which ones were not produced by the 
e Can you please explain why 2,100 + 7 “highly confidential” images have not been shared with us yet? It was our 
Please let us know if you will not agree to any of these steps so that we can address the issues with the Court. 
Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI’s custody, as well as a corresponding 
To ensure that there is sufficient space, please let me know how many members of the defense team intend 
Please let me know how you wish to proceed. 
asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please let me know if you would like to wait 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. | will reach back out once | have answers to your questions. 
We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please 
would be available to speak, please? 
Please see attached correspondence. 
transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original 
We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you today. Attached please find the accompanying cover 
letter. The production is small enough to produce via the FTP site. Would you please send us a link if that is how you 
Please accept this addendum as a supplement to my letter brief, in support of Mr. Michael 
Ulbricht Floats Theory That 2nd Silk Road Plea Offer Existed 
check if there was a second plea deal offered to Ross Ulbricht, besides one 
Law360 is pleased to announce the formation of its 2021 Legal Industry 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please see the enclosed request and proposed order. 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this 
tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in 
up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
| think that should work, but let us confer internally and we’ll circle back tomorrow morning. Meanwhile, attached please 
find a blank copy of our standard proffer agreement. Please let us know if you have any questions, or if it would be useful 
Can we meet Friday, early afternoon (around 1-1:30)? Please send me your proffer letter. 
or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look 
getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
was seized, if we know (and if we don’t, could you please send the IMEI and any other identifying or registration 
Okay, please call my cell: 
If that does work please let us know what number to call you on? 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
this email in error please notify postmaster @fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: 
email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further 
why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on 
we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy notices: FCA Privacy 
please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your computer. Further information on the 
and why we use personal information and who to contact with any queries about this, please see our privacy 
received this email in error please notify postmaster@fca.org.uk immediately and delete the email from your 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and 
Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds you are requesting to bring into the 
> Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
for overtime hours she never worked, becoming the fourth officer to plead 
Feds Say No To Vacating Guilty Plea In $42M Pollution Case 
contractor's bid to withdraw his guilty plea, arguing there was no difference or 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please explain why guards purposely disrupt Ms. Maxwell's 
Please address and remedy this problems immediately. 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time. 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds 
Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the 
Process Clause and the above authorities (e.g., plea agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, 
Please be advised, however, that irrespective of the resolution of your request, we expect 
the matter may be raised with the Court. If you do not agree with this request, please advise us. 
please notify us by reply e-mail and immediately and permanently delete this message and any attachments. Thank 
Thank you so much for checking in. Yes, please mark those types of issues as “For Further Review”. And please let me 
14. Please let me know what works for everyone. 
Please contact me with any questions: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then 
Thanks very much, J. Attached please find a revised draft incorporating your edits. I’ve also attached a draft sealed 
Pursuant to this Court’s Order of April 20, 2021 (Dkt. 221), attached please find counsel’s Letter Motion for an 
Following up on the below, is there a time when you would be available for a call, please? 
Would you be available for a call this week to discuss the particular witnesses we are hoping to contact, please? | can be 
3 PM would be fine. Please send me the conference call information. 
I'll be stuck in a meeting at 2pm. Would 3pm or later work, please? 
Please send conference call information. 
production, please? 
Please see attached an order in the above-captioned case, which will be entered into the public docket shortly. 
please let us know by tomorrow whether your client plans to attend, and if so, whether she intends to attend in person or 
At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell’s Motions in Limine and supporting documents. 
Please note my new office address and preferred email address: 
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this 
ME, can you please send along the phone numbers that you and [ij will be using to call into the conference? We 
Thanks, MM. Can you please let us know the phone numbers from which you both will be calling for the conference 
EST and an in-person pretrial conference on November 1 at 11 am. Can you please let us know tomorrow if 
plans to listen to the October 21 teleconference? Can you also please let us know if she plans to attend the November 
copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the 
of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this 
offered plea deal but declined.” 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
Hope you’re doing well. Could you please let us know when you expect to produce these materials? 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
available for a call with our team next week to discuss, please? 
be grateful if you could get back to me on this point, please. 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) 
If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you. 
As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey 
Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. 
Please call (212) 805 0158 on November 15, 2021 after 6:00 p.m. for further reporting 
instructions. Please bring this instruction sheet with you to the courthouse if you are 
Please read the following instructions carefully before completing any portion of this 
questionnaire. Please print your juror number in the space provided at the top of each page. 
Do not write your name on the questionnaire. Please answer each and every question fully. 
be of a personal nature, please understand that the Court and the parties must learn enough 
Please answer all questions to the best of your ability. If you do not know the answer to a 
answers. If you have strong feelings about this case in general, please do not hesitate to share 
If you need extra space to answer any question, please use the extra blank sheets of paper 
and parties, please indicate the particular question number at the end of the questionnaire. 
PLEASE ANSWER THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS: 
Please note: In the event you are excused from service on this jury, you will likely 
If yes, please explain (without indicating the name of where you work or the names 
If yes, please explain (without indicating the name of where you work or the names 
If yes, please briefly describe the serious hardship or extreme inconvenience: 
(Please note, the Court will arrange and provide transportation to and from the 
4a. If yes, please explain why you would be unable to get to court by 9:30 a.m. or 
If yes, please briefly describe the condition or illness. If you believe you could serve 
as a juror if such condition were accommodated in some way, please state the 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If no, please explain: 
If no, please explain: 
If no, please explain: 
If no, please explain: 
If no, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes to 19a, please explain: 
If yes to 20a, please explain: 
If yes to 21a, please explain: 
If yes to 22a, please explain: 
If yes to 23a, please explain: 
If yes to 24a, please explain: 
If yes to 25a, please explain: 
If yes to 26a, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes to 27b, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes to 28b, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes to 29b, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes to 30b, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
or 32f), please explain whom you know, how you know the individual(s), and 
If yes or unsure, please state what you remember hearing, and how or from whom 
heard about Ms. Maxwell from a media source, please identify the media source by 
If yes or unsure, please summarize your opinion: 
If yes or unsure, please explain why it might be difficult for you to be a fair and 
If yes or unsure, please state what you remember hearing, and how or from whom 
heard about Mr. Epstein from a media source, please identify the media source by 
If yes or unsure, please explain why it might be difficult for you to be a fair and 
If yes or unsure, please explain: 
If no or unsure, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes, please explain when and what you or your family member did: 
If yes to 44b, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes, without listing names, please explain: 
If yes to 47b, please explain: 
If yes, without listing names, please explain: 
If yes to 48b, please explain: 
If yes, please explain: 
If yes, please list which question number(s): 
DO NOT WRITE YOUR NAME. PLEASE SIGN USING YOUR JUROR NUMBER. 
provided above. If you write anything below, please indicate the number of the relevant 
Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher 
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored. 
mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; 
Please see the attached file. 
of counsel for a defendant. Please see attached our conflict list. Bobbie Sternheim and Ruhnke are both conflicted. 
Thank you and please call with any questions. 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), J and | would like to please 
element, we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview near Stockholm, 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request 
reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next 
room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please. 
Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately 
conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please. 
sexual activity, [J and | would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much. 
GE and | would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an 
Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always. 
Attached is a contract for your video/audio services; please retain for your records. 
If you have any contract related questions, please don’t hesitate to contact me. For service request related 
questions, please reach out to AUSA 
Please email all invoices and payment related questions (0 Remember to include 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 of visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call + 1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Ex-Long Island Pol Pleads Guilty To Tax Evasion Scheme 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Hey no attachment, please re-send? Thanks. 
you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the e-mail or any attachments. Instead, please 
you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the e-mail or any attachments. Instead, please 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
assistance in connect| " fa ft Cr. 490 (RMB), please contact AUSA as at ee el For all other matters, 
please contact AUSA Thank you. 
Attached you will find a copy of Case No. 19-CR-490 as requested. Please confirm delivery. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
should not have learned about another person pleading guilty to the same 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
A California couple will plead guilty to charges in the "Varsity Blues" college 
in the high-profile case in a pair of plea agreements filed late Friday. 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
charges — arguments punctuated by pleas to jail him from two women who 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
A former assistant to the CEO of Goldman Sachs who was expected to plead 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Can you please take a look and then let’s find a time to discuss as a group? 
Please find attached a letter from OPR Director i regarding OPR’s draft report regarding the handling of the 
Please join me and ij in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, qq, 
Wanted to send this to you as well in case your co-counsel can’t receive it in the Court. Please let me know if it would 
arraignment referred by Judge Berman, attached please find a memorandum from the government on the issue of 
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7 100 or visit our Contact Us page. 
Thanks very much — we do happen to have this one, but please don’t hesitate to send along anything you see on the 
addresssee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or other use 
Please open the attached document. It was scanned and sent to you using a Xerox Multifunction Printer. 
For more information on Xerox products and solutions, please visit http://www.xerox.com 
Epstein matter. Please respond if you are available to help us out today. We will figure out the logistics this morning 
threshold (please consult with the Ethics Office for the current threshold) are prohibited from 
if that's easier (though if you reach out directly to him if you could please just let me know afterward I'd be grateful). 
Please remove inmate Epstein #763 18-054 from Suicide Watch and place him on Psychological 
Please have >} ready for a legal visit tomorrow morning at 8 am. Thanks. 
rror, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and 
Per the below, pe attorney is coming to see him Sunday morning, July 15, 2019, at 8:00 am. Please ensure 
Please provide a response. 
Please provide a response. 
Thank you oi appreciate you taking the time to forward this information....Please enjoy your time 
Please see the below request for preservation and production of various documents, videos, and other information. Please preserve 
are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is 
Enclosed please find official notification from Warden i 4 regarding Mr. Epstein's passing. As the investigation is ongoing, we 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on Hs 
Please check your email. | resent the 4 emails. The attachments appear fine on my end. Please advise if the attachments are clear. 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on” 
oOs2s Vatietick iL Amerte- 5 TEIN JaPLeAIG Of 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on aa 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on Hs 
PLEASE RETURN LOG TO PSYCHOLOGY AFTER 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on 
LS Yar € plea Bt exh | Sori ed 
10S, Plea Epo dui’ pr “4 obo At Ail, feed ly GA? 
: Please see attached and below from i=l and Lt. ss. |f It seems more relevant for you to do this report since you saw 
Epstein._|f so can you please print them and give them to me. 
Do you have any emails where you said Epstein needed a cellmate? Or any other emails concerning Epstein. If so can you please 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your home drive where your relevant 
7 Please list the name(s) of the shared drive(s) to which you save files: 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your shared drive where your 
Please identify all locations where you archive emails (home, share, or local drives, 
Please identify all Groupwise Resource boxes that you have access to which may 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your home drive where your relevant 
Are you part of any pre-established email distribution groups? If so, please list: 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your shared drive where your 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your local drive where your relevant 
litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a description of the 
litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a description of the 
the subject of this litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a 
description of the subject matters)? Please identify all such 
Please contact zzz with any questions. 
Per the below, please see Tartaglione this evening for possible mental health concerns. 
- please have him ready for a legal visit first thing tomorrow morning. 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and 
Please be advised that this matter is currently the subject of an open investigation, and, 
against your client or any inmate. Please let me know if you have any further questions 
Thank you. When you assess him tomorrow, please let me know his status. 
Attorney Conference, please move him into a different cell. 
Please call Special Agent a :: Peed at your convenience. 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
> Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
Please find the Institution Disciplinary Process Report for inmate Epstein #68127-054. 
NERO. Please I need this asap. 
NERO. Please I need this asap. 
Please I need this asap. 
Jeffrey, reg. no. 76318-054. Please call Special —_ at at your 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
> Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
Please call Special — ea at your convenience. 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
; Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
NERO, Please | need this asap. 
This is the approved press release. Please release the PDF version only. 
Enclosed please find official notification ro iii regarding Mr. Epstein's passing. As the 
Enclosed please find official notification from Warden a regarding Mr. Epstein's passing. As the investigation is ongoing, we 
Please see attached. If satisfied, please sign and send to the addressee. 
Please see attached. If satisfied, please sign and send to the addressee. 
Attached please find Warden N'Diaye's response to Your Honor's inquiry. Please let us know if you need 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
If you should have any additional questions and or concerns please feel free to contact me. 
i - The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also include what plans were 
GE The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also include what plans were 
The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also include what plans were in motion to 
Please the below, please preserve the video footage of the SHU tier containing cell Z06-215 from 11 pm 
July 22, 2019, until 4 am July 23, 2019. Please provide a copy for the investigation and maintain a copy 
in the event we are ordered to produce it to the Court and counsel. Please advise when this has been 
understanding that the incident occurred at a different time, please let me know and preserve the 
We will be officially requesting this material through the appropriate means, but please consider 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify u: 
Attached is the DHO docket for August 1, 2019. Please assist w/ensuring all loss of privilege sanctions are appropriately keyed by the 
Attached are the 2 DHO Reports/Packets for the hearings conducted on August 1, 2019. Please assist 
= Please don't print this e-mail unless it’s necessary 
You are entitled to have a full-time staff member represent you at the hearing. Please indicate below whether you desire to have a staff representative, 
Disposition Of Evidence, Etc. No witnesses requested. Please see attached staff 
agent and/or restraints, reasons for use of hard restraints instead of soft restraints, etc.) Please be clear about 
Below please find complaints from Epstein's attorneys. Can you check to see if he has toilet paper and 
If you receive this transmission in error, please notify the sender by reply e-mail 
Some changes were made and this is the latest. Please review and provide answers to the below - 
Some changes were made and this is the latest. Please review and provide answers to the below - thanks. 
Please review and advise if you require any edits. Thanks! 
the official cause of death is determined. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel 
Please see the attached updated time line. If you should have any questions please feel free to 
Please see the attached. 
Please see the attached time line of events for Mr. Epstein. If you should need any additional 
information please feel free to contact me. 
Please see the attached time line of events for Mr. Epstein. If you should need any additional information please feel free to 
that relevant data is examined. Please remember that not all items will be available or applicable to every case. 
Photographs of Scene, Deceased and Autopsy — Saved to a CD/DVD ~— Please do not print. 
Secured Personal Property — Please do not send property home until team arrives and reviews. 
Available for Review Only — Please do not make copies: 
Thank you for your time and attention to this matter. If you have any questions or concerns, please 
i= please thank the Warden for his prompt response to my letter. 
Attached please find Warden response to Your Honor'’s inquiry. Please let us know if you need 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
information and how it is prohibited. Please let me know your thoughts. 
terms about the prison from people who know it best. Please let me know if you're free or give me a ring: fees | 
PLEASE RETURN LOG TO PSYCHOLOGY AFTER 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on 
LS Yar € plea Bt exh | Sori ed 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on HS 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on HS 
a. if you get any inquiries on this situation or inmate ( see below), please decline to comment. T 
hats all we will say on this. , please forward my email to 
number is FY can you please call? 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your home drive where your relevant 
Please list the name(s) of the shared drive(s) to which you save files: 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your shared drive where your 
Please identify all locations where you archive emails (home, share, or local drives, 
Please identify all Groupwise Resource boxes that you have access to which may 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your home drive where your relevant 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your shared drive where your 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your local drive where your relevant 
litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a description of the 
litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a description of the 
the subject of this litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a 
description of the subject matters)? Please identify all such 
Please contact ADAM M JOHNSON with any questions. 
The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also includ 
The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also include what plans were in motion 
The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also incl 
Please let me know if you need any further information. 
Please review and advise if you require any edits. Thanks! 
Please see the attached updated time line. If you should have any questions please feel free to 
please ensure you have a copy of any documents you also need. Your assistance in gathering these documents is appreciated and 
Please feel free to contact me with any questions. 
- Please route the overtime folders and = | LLD Letter to a. 
- SHU meeting be on time and be prepared, please take detailed notes so we can correct issues 
- Please route the overtime folders and | LLD Letter to [——— | 
- SHU meeting be on time and be prepared, please take detailed notes so we can correct issues before next week. 
Please look into this prior to the Warden making rounds. 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your home drive where your relevant 
Please list the name(s) of the shared drive(s) to which you save files: 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your shared drive where your 
Please identify all locations where you archive emails (home, share, or local drives, 
Please identify all Groupwise Resource boxes that you have access to which may 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your home drive where your relevant 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your shared drive where your 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your local drive where your relevant 
litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a description of the 
litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a description of the 
the subject of this litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a 
description of the subject matters)? Please identify all such 
Please contact ———za with any questions. 
The toilet may not be correctly working in cell #4 in the Psych Observation area. When he returns from Attorney Conference, please 
He was still left in the same cell with a broken toilet. Please move him to the cell next door when he 
Attorney Conference, please move him into a different cell. 
71280018 i = = SOW #‘10:00-07/31/2019 += CP ChangeofPlea Brooklyn MDC Court 
OW #12:00-07/31/2019 += CP «Change of Plea BrooklynMDC Court 
73643053 M W _ 15:00 - 07/31/2019 CP ChangeofPlea BrooklynMDC Court 
Please see attached. 
Please see the below request for preservation and production of various documents, videos, and other information. Please preserve 
are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is 
Enclosed please find official notification from Warden =z regarding Mr. Epstein’s passing. As the investigation is ongoing, we 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your home drive where your relevant 
Please list the name(s) of the shared drive(s) to which you save files: 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your shared drive where your 
Please identify all locations where you archive emails (home, share, or local drives, 
Please identify all Groupwise Resource boxes that you have access to which may 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your home drive where your relevant 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your shared drive where your 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your local drive where your relevant 
litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a description of the 
litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a description of the 
the subject of this litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a 
description of the subject matters)? Please identify all such 
Please contact ———za with any questions. 
: Please see attached and below from bei and Lt. i. | It seems more relevant for you to do this report since you saw 
: Please see attached and below from me and = CO It seems more relevant for you to do this report since you saw 
Please see attached. 
Please remove inmate Epstein #763 18-054 from Suicide Watch and place him on Psychological 
Please be advised, | will be away from the institution as of Monday, August 12, returning on Tuesday, 
emergency, please contact the Lieutenant's Office at Ext. 6450. If this matter pertains to a psychology- 
related issue, please contact: 
sufficient. Please maintain constant visual observation of the inmate or arrange, via the Operations 
Please also make immediate verbal contact with a Psychologist. If it is after hours, please notify the 
Jeffrey, reg. no. 76318-054. Please call Special Agent at at your 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
> Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
Please provide a response by July 15, 2019, to the NERO/CORR PGMS mailbox providing assurance 
accordance with the DNA PS (5311.01). If you have any questions, please call us. 
Please provide a response by July 15, 2019, to the NERO/CORR PGMS mailbox providing assurance that your institution has 
questions, please call us. 
Please provide a response by July 15, 2019, to the NERO/CORR PGMS mailbox providing assurance that your institution has 
questions, please call us. 
If you need additional information, please let me know. Thanks 
The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also incl 
HB - Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities | should be aware of. 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities | should be aware of. 
If | haven't addressed your questions, please call me and let me know. Thanks. 
Sees pleaded guilty in March to mailing improvised explosive devices to 13 people, 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities | should be aware of. 
If | haven't addressed your questions, please call me and let me know. Thanks. 
ge ee pleaded guilty in March to mailing improvised explosive devices to 13 people, 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities | should be aware of. 
Please the below, please preserve the video footage of the SHU tier containing cell Z06-215 from 11 pm 
July 22, 2019, until 4 am July 23, 2019. Please provide a copy for the investigation and maintain a copy 
in the event we are ordered to produce it to the Court and counsel. Please advise when this has been 
understanding that the incident occurred at a different time, please let me know and preserve the 
We will be officially requesting this material through the appropriate means, but please consider 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us 
Please the below, please preserve the video footage of the SHU tier containing cell Z06-215 from 11 pm 
July 22, 2019, until 4 am July 23, 2019. Please provide a copy for the investigation and maintain a copy 
in the event we are ordered to produce it to the Court and counsel. Please advise when this has been 
understanding that the incident occurred at a different time, please let me know and preserve the 
We will be officially requesting this material through the appropriate means, but please consider 
Please note that my emailed has changed to: 
strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us 
Please do it before he goes to Attorney visit. You know he will be there all day. Thanks. 
Lhave them. Please let me know when Epstein has been assessed today so that | can notify the RD. Thanks. 
If | haven't addressed your questions, please call me and let me know. Thanks. 
pleaded guilty in March to mailing improvised explosive devices to 13 people, 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities | should be aware of. 
send it directly to him through the inmate mail system? Please confirm. 
send it directly to him through the inmate mail system? Please confirm. 
inmate pleads guilty/is convicted, the inmate's Admission/Release status should be updated by 
Attorney which specifies all violations. Upon an inmate’s plea of guilt/conviction, the discipline 
Disciplinary Hearing Officer. Please give me a call if you need any 
Please see the below email chain regarding the SHU attorney conference room issue. 
some alternative, please let me know. 
Attached are the 2 DHO Reports/Packets for the hearings conducted on August 1, 2019. Please assist 
4 Please don't print this e-mail unless it’s necessary 
was a ghost town as well. said it was 13 vacant posts. Please ensure the staff in SHU make the 
reasons. If any non-custody come in, please use them. I'm here if you need me. Thanks. 
Please be advised that Lt. aa will be acting on my behalf as Captain, in my absence 
for Monday and Tuesday August 5th and 6th. Should you need my immediate attention please 
Below please find complaints from Epstein's attorneys. Can you check to see if he has toilet paper and 
lf you receive this transmission in error, please notify the sender by reply e-mail 
Thanks for the note. Please be sure is NOT interviewed about this without my permission. 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and 
For your records please ensure to forward this to the FBI and OIG. 
Please see the attached. 
etc. Please ensure your staff are responsive to the team’s requests. 
materials needed for the teams, please make sure this material is 
Should you have any questions, please give me a call. 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your home drive where your relevant 
Please list the name(s) of the shared drive(s) to which you save files: 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your shared drive where your 
Please identify all locations where you archive emails (home, share, or local drives, 
Please identify all Groupwise Resource boxes that you have access to which may 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your home drive where your relevant 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your shared drive where your 
If applicable, please identify specific folders on your local drive where your relevant 
litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a description of the 
litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a description of the 
the subject of this litigation (please refer to the legal hold notice for a 
description of the subject matters)? Please identify all such 
Please contact ADAM M JOHNSON with any questions. 
Please provide a response by July 15, 2019, to the NERO/CORR PGMS mailbox providing assurance that your institution has 
questions, please call us. 
prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return to us. 
If you need additional information, please let me know. Thanks 
The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also include what plans were in motion to 
Can you please send me a copy of any reports that were prepared in relation to Epstein. 
any information that you need. If you need anything else, please let me know. 
you need anything else, please let me know. 
| have them. Please let me know when Epstein has been assessed today so that | can notify the RD. Thanks. 
Thank you. When you assess him tomorrow, please let me know his status. 
with it. Yesterday was a ghost town as well. iss said it was 13 vacant posts. Please ensure the 
to Epstein but one of the reasons. If any non-custody come in, please use them. I'm here if you 
Please be advised nmi will be acting on my behalf as Captain, in my absence 
for Monday and Tuesday August Sth and 6th. Should you need my immediate attention please 
was 13 vacant posts. Please ensure the staff in SHU make the rounds or get assistance with the rounds. Maybe Activities. Not 
only due to Epstein but one of the reasons. If any non-custody come in, please use them. I'm here if you need me. Thanks. 
Please be advised that Lt. He... will be acting on my behalf as Captain, in my absence for Monday and Tuesday 
August Sth and 6th. Should you need my immediate attention please contact me on my black berry. 
Please find the Institution Disciplinary Process Report for inmate Epstein #68127-054. 
Please ensure the below legal visit occurs without any issues. Plan to have this inmate ready prior 
Please remove inmate Epstein #763 18-054 from Suicide Watch and place him on Psychological 
He was still left in the same cell with a broken toilet. Please move him to the cell next door when he 
Attorney Conference, please move him into a different cell. 
The toilet may not be correctly working in cell #4 in the Psych Observation area. When he returns from Attorney Conference, please 
Please see attached. 
Please cut and paste the message indicator below into the subject line; only this indicator can be in the subject 
Please preserve all electronic files (e.g. emails, Word documents, TRUSCOPE 
please save it as a new version and edit the new version. 
PLEASE SEND ANY QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS TO 
Please provide a response. 
The above inmate's attorneys have recently alleged he is not receiving cholesterol or back pain medication. Please see him 
The above inmate's attorneys have recently alleged he is not receiving cholesterol or back pain medication. Please see him 
The above inmate's attorneys have recently alleged he is not receiving cholesterol or back pain medication. Please see him 
The above inmate's attorneys have recently alleged he is not receiving cholesterol or back pain medication. Please see him 
Thank you Dr. J | appreciate you taking the time to forward this information....Please enjoy your time and 
Please see the below request for preservation and production of various documents, videos, and other information. Please 
you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this 
Enclosed please find official notification from jes yd regarding Mr. Epstein's passing. As the investigation is 
Please check your email. I resent the 4 emails. The attachments appear fine on my end. Please advise if the attachments are 
Please check your email. I resent the 4 emails. The attachments appear fine on my end. Please advise if the attachments are 
. S| PLEASE RETURN LOG TO PSYCHOLOGY AFTER 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on 
PLEASE RETURN 1.0G TO PSYCHOLOGY AFTER THE 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on 
PLEASE PERFORM C SPINE SERIES 
PLEASE PERFORM C SPINE SERIES 
PLEASE RETURN 1.0G TO PSYCHOLOGY AFTER THE 
Please check the appropriate box if the person on 
A Please see attached and below from ine and Lt. aaa It seems more relevant for you to do this report since 
I will be out of the office on Friday, July 26, 2019. If you need immediate assistance, please contact Supervisory 
please print them and give them to me. 
Please preserve all electronic files (e.g. emails, Word documents, TRUSCOPE 
please save it as a new version and edit the new version. 
NERO. Please I need this asap. 
NERO. Please I need this asap. 
NERO. Please I need this asap. 
054. Please call Special Agent meee at Resa at your convenience. 
Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
> Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos. 
This is the approved press release. Please release the PDF version only. 
Enclosed please find official notification from Warden i= 9 regarding Mr. Epstein's passing. As the investigation is 
Please see attached. If satisfied, please sign and send to the addressee. 
Attached please find Warden Ft) response to Your Honor's inquiry. Please let us know if you need further information. 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
Thank you for your time and attention to this matter. If you have any questions or concerns, please 
Attached please find Warden Es response to Your Honor's inquiry. Please let us know if you need further information. 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
If you should have any additional questions and or concerns please feel free to contact me. 
If you should have any additional questions and or concerns please feel free to contact me. 
Please attached: 
GE | The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also include 
GE | The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also include 
- The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also include 
The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also include what plans were in motio 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be 
pleaded guilty in March to mailing improvised explosive devices to 13 people, 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be 
received this transmission in error, please destroy it and notify me immediately at my telephone number EE 
Below please find a request by the USAO SDNY Criminal Division for documents and photographs related to the 
investigation is still open and, thus, not to disseminate it further. Please advise if you concur in the release of the 
Thanks Please consider this email my request for any and all documents and other materials, including photographs, 
received this transmission in error, please destroy it and notify me immediately at my telephone numbe , 
Below please find a request by the USAO SDNY Criminal Division for documents and photographs related to the 
investigation is still open and, thus, not to disseminate it further. Please advise if you concur in the release of the 
Thanks Please consider this email my request for any and all documents and other materials, including photographs, 
inmate pleads guilty/is convicted, the inmate's Admission/Release status should be updated by 
Attorney which specifies all violations. Upon an inmate’s plea of guilt/conviction, the 
Please see attached. Hard Copy will be placed in the DHO mailbox. 
Attached is the DHO docket for August 1, 2019. Please assist w/ensuring all loss of privilege sanctions are appropriately 
Below please find complaints from Epstein's attorneys. Can you check to see if he has toilet paper and that his CPAP is 
this transmission in error, please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete the message and 
Some changes were made and this is the latest. Please review and provide answers to the below - thanks. 
Some changes were made and this is the latest. Please review and provide answers to the below - thanks. 
I am working with IPPA to finalize the press release (1st draft attached). Can you please give me answers to the below: 
I am working with IPPA to finalize the press release (1st draft attached). Can you please give me answers to the below: 
the official cause of death is determined. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel 
I will be away from the office August 9 - 19, 2019. The following staff will be acting in my capacity. Please 
Please see the attached updated time line. If you should have any questions please feel free to contact me. 
Please see attached. If satisfied, please sign and send to the addressee. 
I am working with IPPA to finalize the press release (1st draft attached). Can you please give me answers to the below: 
I am working with IPPA to finalize the press release (1st draft attached). Can you please give me answers to the below: 
I you may understand with the ongoing events please understand that time is very limited. Please submit any qu 
Please see the attached press release. 
Please see the attached time line of events for Mr. Epstein. If you should need any additional information please 
| | please thank the Warden for his prompt response to my letter. 
Attached please find Warden [J response to Your Honor’s inquiry. Please let us know if you need further 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
| | please thank the Warden for his prompt response to my letter. 
Attached please find Warden [J response to Your Honors inquiry. Please let us know if you need further 
Please see attached letter from Judge Richard M. Berman. 
concerns if staff are sharing information and how it is prohibited. Please let me know your thoughts. 
Please let me know if you're free or give me a ring: 
concerns if staff are sharing information and how it is prohibited. Please let me know your thoughts. 
Please let me know if you're free or give me a ring: 
current prisoners and their loved ones. Please send comment ASAP if you would like to respond. 
Please see attached document 
Please attached: 
The memo is very confusing. Please draft an email of his actions and current status. Also include what plans were in motio 
Attached are the 2 DHO Reports/Packets for the hearings conducted on August 1, 2019. Please assist w/delivery of the DHO 
wh Please don't print this e-mail unless it’s necessary 
Please see the attached updated time line. If you should have any questions please feel free to contact me. 
which is permitted. Can someone please provide this to him? 
- Please route the overtime folders and QM) LLD Letter to I . 
- SHU meeting be on time and be prepared, please take detailed notes so we can correct issues before next week. 
He was still left in the same cell with a broken toilet. Please move him to the cell next door when he returns from legal as the 
please move him into a different cell. 
Please see attached. 
Please ensure J is ready in advance of Sunday morning's legal visit. Thank you. 
Can I please set up a legal visit with ss for Sunday (@8:00 a.m.? Thanks 
uspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email an 
Please see attached and below from = and Lt. ay It seems more relevant for you to do this report since 
Please see attached and below from 4 and Lt. lay It seems more relevant for you to do this report since 
Please see attached and below from EE and Lt. Be It seems more relevant for you to do this report since 
a Please see attached and below from i 4 and Lt. ma. It seems more relevant for you to do this report since 
Please see attached and below from aa and Lt. fF It seems more relevant for you to do this report since 
Please see attached and below from ea] and Lt. iL ol It seems more relevant for you to do this report since 
WB if that's easier (though if you reach out directly to him if you could please just let me know afterward I'd be 
WE if that's easier (though if you reach out directly to him if you could please just let me know afterward I'd be 
Please provide a response by July 15, 2019, to the NERO/CORR PGMS mailbox providing assurance that your institution has 
any questions, please call us. 
ear = =i =~ *] OW #«14:30- 07/15/2019 CP Change of Plea BrooklynMDC Court 
Please attached: 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be 
(a pleaded guilty in March to mailing improvised explosive devices to 13 people, 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be 
If | haven't addressed your questions, please call me and let me know. Thanks. 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be 
If | haven't addressed your questions, please call me and let me know. Thanks. 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be 
you need. If you need anything else, please let me know. 
you need. If you need anything else, please let me know. 
I have them. Please let me know when Epstein has been assessed today so that I can notify the RD. Thanks. 
Please do it before he goes to Attorney visit. You know he will be there all day. Thanks. 
I have them. Please let me know when Epstein has been assessed today so that I can notify the RD. Thanks. 
send it directly to him through the inmate mail system? Please confirm. 
send it directly to him through the inmate mail system? Please confirm. 
Please see attached, 
Below please find complaints from Epstein's attorneys. Can you check to see if he has toilet paper and that his CPAP is 
this transmission in error, please notify the sender by reply e-mail and delete the message and 
For your records please ensure to forward this to the FBI and OIG. 
Please cut and paste the message indicator below into the subject line; only this indicator can be in the subject line. 
medication to be efficacious you must take it on a daily basis. As Dr. i is following your case, please reach out to medical 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be 
Please see the message from feet below that of the AUSA. It looks accurate, but she inadvertently wrote "EPSTEIN'S cell 
Please be advised that we received he following report from the Bureau of Prisons MCC New York at 2115 hours on this 
you need. If you need anything else, please let me know. 
If | haven't addressed your questions, please call me and let me know. Thanks. 
- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be 
Please do it before he goes to Attorney visit. You know he will be there all day. Thanks. 
I have them. Please let me know when Epstein has been assessed today so that I can notify the RD. Thanks. 
Please do it before he goes to Attorney visit. You know he will be there all day. Thanks. 
I have them. Please let me know when Epstein has been assessed today so that I can notify the RD. Thanks. 
Unit Manager = please call me. 
Please find the Institution Disciplinary Process Report for inmate Epstein #68127-054. 
Please see the highlighted responses. Thanks. 
I am working with IPPA to finalize the press release (1st draft attached). Can you please give me answers to the below: 
Please see the highlighted responses. Thanks. 
I am working with IPPA to finalize the press release (1st draft attached). Can you please give me answers to the below: 
to the local hospital where he was later pronounced dead at 7:36 a.m. Should you require any additional information, please 
to the local hospital where he was later pronounced dead at 7:36 a.m. Should you require any additional information, please 
Please cut and paste the message indicator below into the subject line; only this indicator can be in the subject line. 
| is following your case, please reach out to medical through 
Please see attached. 
Please remove inmate Epstein #763 18-054 from Suicide Watch and place him on Psychological 
please move him into a different cell. 
(please use the evidence card to select the specific evidence items 
Should you have any questions on this matter, please contact Justin M. Thornton, Chief, 
Both pleaded guilty to falsifying government records. But last year, with no real explanation, an Obama- 
Number 23-065 (Limited-Scope Review). Please report any additional updates on the BOP’s 
OIG. Specifically, please provide the OIG with OCME evidence unit # EU19-28179, ligature/bed sheet material strip and 
Please notify Special scent Office of the Inspector General, U.S. Department of Justice, at 
Thank you, and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact me, (ii! iim 
Bureau of Prisons, Metropolitan Correctional Center New York inmate, Jeffrey Epstein. Please provide the OIG with a copy 
any questions, please feel free to contact me eT 
we will be following. Please observe each step closely as these are the steps we will be 
please consult supervisory staff. 
FBOP now provides the requested information. Please see the following attachments: 
If you have received this draft report in error, please contact a: to arrange its return. 
If you have received this draft report in error, please contact a: to arrange its return. 
If you have received this draft report in error, please contact (202) 768-2643 to arrange its return. 
If you have received this draft report in error, please contact (202) 768-2643 to arrange its return. 
If you have received this draft report in error, please contact (202) 768-2643 to arrange its return. 
FBOP Response: Please see the Bureau’s status update to Recommendation One, above. 
FBOP Response: Please see the Bureau’s status update to Recommendation Four, above. 
Please see the Bureau’s response to GAO’s staffing audit recommendations (attachment “Rec 6 
draft report would be inappropriate for public release, please mark the information and indicate the reason 
SDNY believes it should not be released. Please provide us the results of your factual accuracy and 
If you have any questions about this memorandum or the draft report, please contact me or Senior Counsel 
inappropriate for public release, please mark the information and indicate the reason the FBI believes it 
should not be released. Please provide us the results of your factual accuracy and sensitivity review as soon 
If you have any questions about this memorandum or the draft report, please contact me or Senior Counsel 
inappropriate for public release, please mark the information and indicate the reason the FBI believes it 
should not be released. Please provide us the results of your factual accuracy and sensitivity review as soon 
If you have any questions about this memorandum or the draft report, please contact me or Senior Counsel 
Just in. Please see below communications. If you will be updating the ROI, this will also be helpful with 
communications a few months ago. Can you please provide the following information at your 
speaking with you that he stopped working at the MCC New York a long while prior. Can you please 
this information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make 
diem. Parking will be provided at a location close to the institution. Please reply to this email if you have any 
Thank you in advance and if there are further questions, please contact me or es Facilities Management 
2019? If so, when was it scheduled to be installed and can you please provide documentation (i.e. 
*Please note the above phone number change 
this information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise 
Regarding the attached pdf which you provided in your below email, can you please confirm that this 
can you please confirm when the new camera system arrived at the MCC and when it was installed? 
*Please note the above phone number change 
Please schedule the transfer for Friday 8/9/19. Please include 7 days medication with the 
Please see the be 
information. Please preserve the materia reques . We will advise that they need to 
intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that 
Enclosed please find official notification from Warden WB cca ng Mr. Epstein's passing. As 
Please see the attached. 
Please ensure this taken care of. 
who and number). Unit Manager reports pleasant call in good spirits; nothing 
Please review and advise if you require any edits. Thanks! 
Please review for accuracy before | send to 
Please review for accuracy before I send roll 
Please schedule the transfer for Friday 8/9/19. Please include 7 days medication with the 
Please look out for this...it should be coming your way soon. 
Please send your RP to the FTD/ Purchase Requirements as soon as possible. 
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the Consolidated Staffing Unit. 
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the Consolidated Staffing Unit. 
Please place this NOV in procedure 009 and use the EMS to document the institution's corrective actions. Don't forget to 
Please keep me informed of developments. I'll continue to follow up. 
Please return this portion of your invoice with your payment. Thank you! MUNN UM 
*Please Note : If paying by charge card, we can only accept payment by : American Express, Discover, Mastercard, Visa 
Please remit to : CMS MONITORING , 2211 Route 112, Medford, NY 11763 
received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the e-mail and all attachments immediately 
received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the e-mail and all attachments immediately. 
received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the e-mail and all attachments immediately. 
received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the e-mail and all attachments immediately 
have received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the e-mail and all attachments 
received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the e-mail and all attachments immediately 
Please be advised the bids are back and Hotfoil -EHS, Inc will be awarded the contract. The total is $213,260.00. The 
camera outages which I will forward to my AW and Warden. Any questions please let me know. 
you need immediate assistance during this time please call 
ASAP. Please touch the machines and see why they did not get the Windows Updates that remedy the issue. If you can not 
custody posts in lieu of your normal shift. Please contact the Lieutenants Office at 6450 to sign up. 
received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the e-mail and all attachments immediately. 
ie please be specific so I will know what to say on the work order. 
We'd appreciate your feedback. Please use the buttons below to vote about your experience today. 
received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the e-mail and all attachments immediately 
Signet Technologies is pleased to submit our budgetary proposal submitted on the referenced 
Please feel free to contact me directly at ay should you have any questions or require 
Please Note: All required Network connectivity and IP addresses will be provided by the FBOP. All 
M1 pleaded guilty to count(s) One 
C pleaded nolo contendere to count(s) 
after a plea of not guilty. 
Restitution amount ordered pursuant to plea agreement $ 
Can you please give me names of staff that have found weapons. Go back as far as you can. 
Please see the attached. 
Please see attached. 
Attached please find Aug. SHU reviews. 
Please look into this 
Please take the appropriate corrective actions. Thank You 
Please look into this 
Please take the appropriate corrective actions. Thank You 
Subject: Staff Assignments in SHU (Please Read) 
Please be advised tha is requesting his legal mail out of his property. My understanding is 
that their is no property officer assigned at this time so I was unsure as to who this request should be directed to. Please 
aa several inmates in SHU from 11-south are requesting to see you, at your convenience please stop by. Thank you 
If you no longer wish to receive these types of emails, please use the link below: 
Please see your confirmation attached for the balance of your PO # UC22V0284-BO shipping 8/13 for 8/14 arrival. 
If you have any questions or received this notification in error, please contact Customer Care: led | led led 
To ensure you continue to receive emails from Hubzu, please add noreply@hubzu.com to your address 
contact information, please click on the property to view the details on Hubzu.com. 
Please see your order conf with the balance of PO hit is owed to 
Please let us know if anyone has questions. 
Please be on the lookout for this order. 
Please let us know if we can help with anything else. 
Please be advised there will be a on at in the 
Please be in the Warden's Conference Room no later than 7:30 A.M. 
Please have complete and ready for submission on 8/13/19. 
Please be reminded that per policy and the T&A Handbook any employee hired for overtime prior to the administrative 
and paste from the T&A Handbook, if you have further questions please contact me. 
Please be reminded that per policy and the T&A Handbook any employee hired for overtime prior to the administrative 
and paste from the T&A Handbook, if you have further questions please contact me. 
custody posts in lieu of your normal shift. Please contact the Lieutenants Office at 6450 to sign up. 
Please see attached. 
Please see attached. 
camera outages which I will forward to my AW and Warden. Any questions please let me know. 
Capt, please ensure the Lts are aware they should immediately discontinue the practice of placing inmates in observation 
SHU until UT and medical staff arrive in the am and conduct the social and medical screening process. Please have a verbal 
please make sure when someone is placed on suicide watch or psychology, a conversation is had with him regarding if it 
As discussed, please ensure you make daily contact with Officer Noel and inquire about her well-being. Advise me of the 
As discussed, please ensure you make daily contact with Officer Noel and inquire about her well-being. Advise me of the 
camera outages which I will forward to my AW and Warden. Any questions please let me know. 
Attached, please find a copy of Invoice No. IM in the amount of $2,197.76 that was due on 07/21/2019 and is now 
If you are not the correct person who handles payments on invoices, please advise and/or respond with updated 
mail in error, please notify the sender by return e-mail and delete this e-mail and all attachments from your system. 
received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender by return e-mail and delete this e-mail and all attachments 
Terms: NET 30 DAYS Due By: 07/28/19 Please Pay: $2,197.76 
extent it does not contaminate the crime scene), and the suicide watch area on 2. Please let me know if you have any 
extent it does not contaminate the crime scene), and the suicide watch area on 2. Please let me know if you have any 
Please be advised that a tour for representatives of the Department of Justice and the SDNY USAO will take place 
Please inform me of their arrival so that I may greet them and take them on the tour. If you have any questions or 
concerns, please contact me at x6455. 
I know you are very busy, but when you get the chance, please read the below article. Very interesting. 
I will be out of the office on Friday, August 9, 2019. If you need immediate assistance, please contact 
should you want to work a custody posts in lieu of your normal shift. Please contact the Lieutenants Office at 
When management is aware that OIG, FBI or the US Attorneys Office will arrive to start interviews; please 
> Please advise if OIG will be at the institution today conducting interviews of the bargaining unit? 
> Please respond to the inquiry above as to whether or not OIG is actively present and interviewing staff today. 
dont have the authority to remove yourself from the roster. Please provide me the information along with your LWOP 
should you want to work a custody posts in lieu of your normal shift. Please contact the Lieutenants Office at 
I will be away from the office August 9 - 19, 2019. The following staff will be acting in my capacity. Please extend them the 
I will be away from the office August 9 - 19, 2019. The following staff will be acting in my capacity. Please extend them the 
current overtime procedures are not being implemented. Please get back to the current hiring procedures that were put into 
the roster although we know there are no guarantees. Additionally, D/W Ops. (Sunday) and E/W Ops. (Wednesday) please 
some last minute plans (THANK YOU VERY MUCH). Graduates welcome to the ERT T4T group. Please remember do not 
started on the classes as soon as possible. IF you get to go to a CMT as a ERT T4T to re-certify PLEASE let me know so! can 
Please also let me know if you transfer to another institution so 1 can keep the Master list up to date. 
Please preserve all electronic files (e.g. emails, Word documents, TRUSCOPE 
please save it as a new version and edit the new version. 
PLEASE SEND ANY QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS TO 
Attached is the SHU Training and Suicide Prevention Training Slideshows for this quarter. Please review the Slideshows 
completion is 10/21/2014. It does not take a long time to complete this task, so please ensure it is done in a timely 
Attached is the SHU Training and Suicide Prevention Training Slideshows for this quarter. Please review the Slideshows and 
10/21/2014. It does not take a long time to complete this task, so please ensure it is done in a timely fashion. Stay safe. 
Please see attached. 
For everyone, please strive to keep your high-level presentations to 5 minutes or less to allow for questions. 
changes of significance, please let =z and I know ASAP as we'll have to incorporate into the existing materials. I know 
Please be advised the Executive Staff Agenda has been revised to reflect the "Executive Staff Briefings to ODAG" scheduled 
telephone number is (202) 737-1234. Please have your government ID available. 
The meeting will be held in the 400 Building training rooms A-C on the first floor. Please remember to bring your PIV card 
Please be advised the Executive Staff Agenda has been revised to reflect the "Executive Staff Briefings to ODAG" scheduled 
telephone number is (202) 737-1234. Please have your government ID available. 
The meeting will be held in the 400 Building training rooms A-C on the first floor. Please remember to bring your PIV card 
So when you have time please let me know and ill give you a call and explain everything that needs to be accomplished. 
Please do it. We need it tomorrow morning at the latest. 
Friday, August 9, 2019). Please make this your number one priority and e-mail me the results when you are done. This is a 
Friday, August 9, 2019). Please make this your number one priority and e-mail me the results when you are done. This is a 
Thanks. And please confirm the work schedules of those COs in question Their recent over tone and the time the worked 
as discussed, several options are below. Please note that we should discuss timing of all this. I will need to 
Thanks. And please confirm the work schedules of those COs in question Their recent over tone and the time 
as discussed, several options are below. Please note that we should discuss timing of all this. I will need 
Friday, August 9, 2019). Please make this your number one priority and e-mail me the results when you are done. This is a 
Friday, August 9, 2019). Please make this your number one priority and e-mail me the results when you are done. This is a 
make our jobs more difficult. Please be sure we all watch each others backs and help everyone do their jobs, and 
Please review and advise if you require any edits. Thanks! 
Can you please send me the information about the personnel you've added to the MCC, including the additional warden, the 
rae * | - You may have already received a copy of the attached. If not, please use this to develop your plans moving 
forward. Please do not share this report with any other staff. This is only a draft and has not been reviewed/approved. 
Can you please send me the information about the personnel you’ ve added to the MCC, including the additional 
Please be assured of my prayers and support; if | can be of any use please let me know. 
So when you have time please let me know and ill give you a call and explain everything that needs to be accomplished. 
In ‘addition to details on those two staff, F please pull total staffing info, number vacancies, AWOL, long 
| oO discussed, several options are below. Please note that we should discuss timing of all this. I will need to 
Friday, August 9, 2019). Please make this your number one priority and e-mail me the results when you are done. This is a 
Please see the following paragraph as a justification for why every individual with some level of suicide risk is n 
Please see the attached time line of events for Mr. Epstein. If you should need any additional information please 
Please let me know if you need any further information. 
Please let me know if you need any further information. 
Please see the following paragraph as a justification for why every individual with some level of suicide risk is n 
Thanks. Please send me their current Staffing Report. 
evaluations and PDS have been completed. Please have someone notify meet once complete. Thanks in 
As the staff at the MCC are dealing with this, please give them the appropriate space/time needed to work through this. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
a. Please review and advise of any concerns with this draft. 
Please ensure this information is given to the OIG/FBL Thanks. 
Please review and advise of any concerns with this draft. Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone< 
make our jobs more difficult. Please be sure we all watch each others backs and help everyone do their jobs, and 
Please see the attached Program Summary Report. The report contains cumulative findings from program reviews conducted 
review queue within 24 hours of the referral. Please be mindful, policy discusses it being 24 
hours of placement in SHU. Please be mindful, the policy time frame is 24 hours and not one 
WM - Please work with Warden MJ. | would like to TDY 3 or 4 of the best LTs in the Region to 
In addition to details on those two staff, please pull total staffing info, number vacancies, AWOL, long 
as discussed, several options are below. Please note that we should discuss timing of all this. I will need to 
s discussed, several options are below. Please note that we should discuss timing of all this. I will need to 
In addition to details on those two staff, please pull total staffing info, number vacancies, AWOL, long 
BBB as discussed, several options are below. Please note that we should discuss timing of all this. I will need to 
If you need immediate assistance, please contact the Director's Office at ci Wi 
number). Unit Manager reports pleasant call in good spirits; nothing unusual. 
Please contact [M, core Section Chief, at i, 
conducting any questioning. If they don't, please keep the Union informed. While they must inform you, YOU have the 
conducting any questioning. If they don't, please keep the Union informed. While they must inform you, YOU have the 
Se During my absence please direct them to Alt PIO Mr 
Please do not engage and or response to any media inquiries either in person or via phone. If you should have any 
questions and or concerns please feel free to contact me. 
custody posts in lieu of your normal shift. Please contact the Lieutenants Office at 6450 to sign up. 
Please be advised the inmate listed below was seen by the UDC on 08-14-19 and sanctioned/referred to 
ugg.com. To print your returns label please visit ugg.com/returns. Please note this offer does not apply to clearance 
If you would like to unsubscribe, please click here. 
content, please contact Customer Service content, please contact Customer Service content, please contact Customer Service 
content, please contact Customer Service content, please contact Customer Service content, please contact Customer Service 
content, please contact Customer Service content, please contact Customer Service content, please contact Customer Service 
content, please contact Customer Service content, please contact Customer Service content, please contact Customer Service 
Subject: Hey. When you get your kick out list can you please call the laundry so they can give 
Hey. When you get your kick out list can you please call the laundry so they can give you your bed rolls. The guys are being 
membership on any crisis management team. Leaders of teams please ensure your staff have completed FEMA ICS 100, 200, 
Please have all training completed and copies of certificates given to Lt. Rice by August 
should there be any questions or concerns please contact me at 6448. 
According to the Control 2 phone caller ID system, phone number EE appeared. However, please keep in mind 
Please ensure that you provide an update on the status of the cameras in SHU, Unit 2, PCU and 10 South daily by 3:00 pm to 
camera outages which I will forward to my AW and Warden. Any questions please let me know. 
Please see the attached. 
Please see the attached. 
please delete the e-mail without reading it. This e-mail should NOT be released to any personnel 
This is an auto-generated email. Replies to the E-mail address are NOT monitored. Please contact your JPATS coordinator for 
camera outages which | will forward to my AW and Warden. Any questions please let me know. 
It is showing that you have not completed the Nasal Naloxone training. Please take a minute, log in BLU and complete the training and notify me when it is done. Thank you. 
It is showing that you have not completed the Nasal Naloxone training. Please take a minute, log in BLU and complete the training and notify me when it is done. Thank you. 
reached on my Samsung at . Please extend the usual courtesies. 
camera outages which | will forward to my AW and Warden. Any questions please let me know. 
This message was sent from an automated system that cannot receive email please do not reply to this message. 
This message was sent from an automated system that cannot receive email please do not reply to this message. 
If you have any other questions, please let us know. 
(1). Please ensure you have accountability for your staff because when you are not here and something happens, I am the 
next in the chain of command to have to respond. If you are out, please ensure that you have an Acting and that Acting 
(2). Timely submission. Please ensure that you submit paperwork in a timely manner. Meaning that if you are late, please 
(3). Provide me with your leave requests for the entire remainder of the year. Please ensure that those previous and current 
(4). If you are late or call in sick, please do not leave me a voice mail message or text. Please contact me on my BOP cell 
phone at . Once you arrive at work, please submit your leave in WEBTA. 
(1). Please ensure you have accountability for your staff because when you are not here and something happens, I am the 
next in the chain of command to have to respond. If you are out, please ensure that you have an Acting and that Acting 
(2). Timely submission. Please ensure that you submit paperwork in a timely manner. Meaning that if you are late, please 
(3). Provide me with your leave requests for the entire remainder of the year. Please ensure that those previous and current 
(4). If you are late or call in sick, please do not leave me a voice mail message or text. Please contact me on my BOP cell 
phone at i ee Once you arrive at work, please submit your leave in WEBTA. 
in a case just to please the crowd." Exodus 23:1-2 The Message Bible 
Please keep us in your prayers. We are trying to keep the staff uplifted during this time. Thanks again. 
progress through the years. You and your institution are in my prayers. If 1 can ever be of assistance, please feel free to let 
in a case just to please the crowd." Exodus 23:1-2 The Message Bible 
Please see the attached. 
Please see the attached. 
Please see the attached. 
Please see the attached. 
My name is......... , please contact 911 Ambulance Services for immediate response. 
., please let us know.. 
Just checking in on you,, You all doing ok? If there is anything we can help you all do,, please let us know.. 
Just checking in on you,, You all doing ok? If there is anything we can help you all do,, please let us know.. 
prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately at the above number to make arrangements 
prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately at the above number to make arrangements 
If you need anything please let me know. 
If you need anything please let me know. 
Please see attached. 
Please see attached. 
Please do not print this e-mail unless it’s necessary 
Please provide a written response to this inspection, providing 
Please reiterate to him that he is Acting in all capacity and must be present. 
Please reiterate to him that he is Acting in all capacity and must be present. 
Please give them a call when you get to the courthouse tomorrow. The courthouse is the Thurgood Marshall US 
not be able to get emails during this time but will take my file with me. Please call me on my cell to let me know 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an 
work for me — please just let me know if that works on your end. 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an 
Please find attached signed Declaration. Let me know if you anything further. 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an 
the shipments on his account from 2007 — 2020 for your review. Please let me know if you have any questions or 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an 
Please see attached. Let me know if you need anything further. 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an 
Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an 
Thanks again for your assistance with this. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org 
user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org 
aa the introduction and mic drop. When one of you has a chance to talk, please give me a call 7 
Please find attached my victim impact statement for the sentencing of Ghislaine Maxwell 28/06/22. 
| realized | neglected to send you a subpoena for him. Could you please send this to him today? Thanks. 
Commented [GL1}: Please cornplete. 
Commented [GL3}: Please Complete. 
this matter. Given the difficult nature of this process, please take care of yourself after reading 
will be made upon receipt of signed payment instructions. Please execute the attached form to 
If the payment will go through an intermediary bank, please contact Elise Frejka at : | 
Please can you help me or at least point me to some that can help me. 
I'm scared please help. 
concerning the taxability of your settlement. If you want to engage with Mr. Harris directly, please 
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions about your settlement. 
We sent your wire. Please ask the recipient to confirm when they've received the funds 
Please provide this reference number to your bank if it has 
Please listen till the end of the call. 
Please listen until the end of the recording with Scotland Yard 30/01/2020. 
Please listen until the end of the recording with Scotland Yard 30/01/2020. 
& Unwanted Please listen till the end of the call. 
Please sign Standard Epste . FTCA Retainer JPA 
Please refer to www.gov.uk/contact-ukvi-inside- 
Please refer to www.gov.uk/contact-ukvi-inside-outside-uk 
When contacting us via email, please ensure the subject field contains your 
how we will use your personal information and who we may share it with please 
and law investigation, drafting pleadings, settlement efforts, and other services up to and including 
Please sign Standard 
Please review these agreements carefully. We realize that much of the information may be unfamiliar 
comments please let us know. 
with the Agreements, please follow the prompts to sign, initial where needed, and return to us. 
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or concerns. We look forward to the 
and law investigation. drafting pleadings. settlement efforts. and other services up to and including 
Please review the Joint Representation Agreement and this analysis carefully, ask any questions, and 
the terms of the agreement and have carefully considered the issues in this overview, please review 
or damage arising in any way from its use. If you received this transmission in error, please immediately contact the sender and destroy the 
Please refer to http://www. .com/pages/disclosures for disclosures relating to UK legal entities. 
October 15, 2007 -- LAWYERS for Manhattan billionaire investor Jeffrey Epstein - who's agreed to plead guilty to soliciting underage hookers - ak PC 
During the probe that led to Epstein's plea deal, which will put him behind bars for 18 months, underage girls told cops they claimed to be 18 or 
or damage arising in any way from its use. If you received this transmission in error, please immediately contact the sender and destroy the 
Please refer to http://www. jpmorgan.com/pages/terms for important disclosures under the Terms of Use. Get pea PC 
Please note that the cancellation policy is 48 hours notice for any changes Get peak PC 
or damage arising in any way from its use. If you received this transmission in error, please immediately contact the sender and destroy the 
Please refer to http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures for disclosures relating to UK legal entities. 
Please can you help me book an interview, as | need plenty of time to make my Objection before the 19th October deadline? 
Hi can you please phone back 
end of the month. Can you please check with Jeffery and let me know. 
Archive end of the month. Can you please check with Jeffery and let me know. your investments. 
the Epstein matter. Please respond if you are available to help us out today. We will figure out the logistics this 
please stay in touch. Again, a focus is PRC China involvement. 
I am at a loss to compose this well. But I think you will understand it, and if not please don't hesitate to ask any questions. My eyes 
But the point is not who I am. It is your security. Please do not be lulled into a false sense of such because you were left alone to 
Please see below request from the DAD. Does NY have any information regarding the alleged missing video? 
GB - please see below and reach out to NY when you get to the office this morning in an attempt to validate or 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your 
communication is strictly prohibited. tf you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your 
| am at a loss to compose this well. But | think you will understand it, and if not please don't hesitate to ask any questions. 
But the point is not who | am. It is your security. Please do not be lulled into a false sense of such because you were left 
Please let me know if that will work. 
Please tell him to let me know where/when to meet. 
dispersed. Please let me know. 
Pea please print this email off and send an action lead to: 
Please provide this information to anyone else who should be on this call. 
Below are the updates that were requested by [J to be prepared on a weekly basis. Please forward this to myself, 
Please call J sometime this afternoon and assist her with the above up to date information. We need to 
Please do let us know if any other info would be helpful, and we’re also happy to chat with anybody who wants to talk 
please verify this document’s existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report: 
please verify this document’s existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report: 
please verify this document’s existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report: 
please verify this document’s existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report: 
please verify this document's existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report: 
please verify this document’s existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report: 
please verify this document's existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report: 
Please do let us know if any other info would be helpful, and we’re also happy to chat with anybody who wants to talk 
couple hours in Austria on March 22, 2019. Please see the translated confirmation highlighted below: 
Please advise how we proceed from there. 
please verify this document's existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report: 
Please do let us know if any other info would be helpful, and we’re also happy to chat with anybody who wants to talk 
please verify this document’s existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report: 
Please do let us know if any other info would be helpful, and we’re also happy to chat with anybody who wants to talk 
are en route, and also the prospects for our office managing the vendor process)? Please let us know when you have 
Please do let us know if any other info would be helpful, and we’re also happy to chat with anybody who wants to 
a you can see SDNY is anxious for an answer regarding the case files, can you please get me the status on these files 
Please let us know who we should be in touch with (or if someone above our heads should be in touch, who they 
documents are en route, and also the prospects for our office managing the vendor process)? Please let us know 
Please do let us know if any other info would be helpful, and we’re also happy to chat with anybody who wants to 
Please see request for a link chart for DD below. Do you have one you can send me as soon as possible? 
Please send to [J as well, I am about to catch a flight and will land at 1130. 
we please ask them to produce one for the DD ASAP? 
Please let us know who we should be in touch with (or if someone above our heads should be in touch, who they should 
en route, and also the prospects for our office managing the vendor process)? Please let us know when you have a 
Please do let us know if any other info would be helpful, and we’re also happy to chat with anybody who wants to talk 
are en route, and also the prospects for our office managing the vendor process)? Please let us know when you 
Please do let us know if any other info would be helpful, and we're also happy to chat with anybody who wants to 
Please see request for a link chart for DD below. Do you have one you can send me as soon as possible? 
Please send to [J as well, I am about to catch a flight and will land at 1130. 
please ask them to produce one for the DD ASAP? 
Please let me know if you need anything from us. 
out a SW and I anticipate them being extremely busy in the AM. Please let me know. Thanks 
out a SW and I anticipate them being extremely busy in the AM. Please let me know. Thanks 
Epstein to plead guilty in Florida state court to soliciting prostitution, which he did in 2008. He was sentenced to 
Attached, please find the CLEAR report ran on the number. 
Could you please let us know the current status on addresses for those individuals in particular? And could you also 
please send us a copy of your spreadsheet with location information for everybody so far? 
Any other updates you would like to include, please let me know. 
Please see below. EM is requesting an updated SCN for Monday morning's brief. On Sunday can you please 
Also, if you all need anything while your team is down there please let me know. 
Please see [J below request. This will need to be submitted prior to the 7a briefing on Monday. You can send to me, 
Re Epstein, For case updates on Monday, please have CAC-HT provide a update about the SW status and interviews. As 
part of this information, please have CAC-HT (to the best of their ability) provide an updated timeline for their time on 
Thank you i. If you could, please start to utilize a fax cover sheet on the TPS reports moving forward. 
1) Could you please put together a photo array that include 
3) I’m aware of the a ..: from the Florida house, but if you could please let us know if you seized any from the 
please let us know. 
Please use the below EAN for the upcoming travel to St. Thomas. Separate approval will be need for vehicle rentals which 
Please use EAN # 457356.1. 
find. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Per email | just sent, actually have an SCN updated as of July 26 with info regarding Island search. Please see 
Please see attached SCN regarding Epstein. | will also send the SCN to you on the high side. 
Please see below. Can you respond? | wouldn't even confirm we have a meeting. If you don't acknowledge 
Please see below for your awareness. Thank you. 
This came though and will need a response. Please see below, and forward to the appropriate person. 
GF Hi | am resending this from the other day. Could you please get back to me this morning 
Please use the following information to dial-in: 
Please use the following information to dial-in: 
matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case 
Please see below from the SSA who is responsible for this case: 
conference to the SAC and the ADIC today and they were not pleased. 
Please see attached. 
Attached is the most recent draft of the search warrant. Please let me know if you have any questions/edits after you 
have reviewed for accuracy. I’ve highlighted in yellow the things we need to add, so please let me know as soon as you 
have that information. We'd like to get a draft to the AUSA in the Virgin Islands as soon as we can tomorrow, so please 
notification, if any, is permitted. If a jurisdiction has questions regarding community notification, please 
| (Please note: a conviction for an attempt is generally punishable at one grade below the classification of 
Please see email below from [J Please provide additional details and move request to the red side. 
Please get additional details, specifically the names of interviewees and potential targets. Send off of this to me 
Can you take a look at this list and tell the names of those I'm missing? Please indicate if they are or are not 
the squad. Please make sure everyone that helped out grabs something! 
> It was our pleasure. Your team was as professional as | have ever worked with. | am equally as proud of what 
and today's entry couldn't have gone any better. Please pass on my appreciation to everyone that participated, I 
Please see below for NY. They'll have to submit the international travel request up through their ADIC. 
AD IOD has been providing approval for international travel by field personnel directly to field division heads. Please 
Please let me know if any additional info for legal would be helpful—and we’re happy to chat with them if they 
| appreciate that, thanks. Please let us know if there’s anything at all we can do to help keep things moving, and if 
Please let us know who we should be in touch with (or if someone above our heads should be in touch, who they 
documents are en route, and also the prospects for our office managing the vendor process)? Please let us 
Please do let us know if any other info would be helpful, and we’re also happy to chat with anybody who wants 
Please let us know as soon as you can. 
I second that J. Excellent work by you and your guys. Please reach out if we can ever be of assistance. Thanks 
impressive and today's entry couldn't have gone any better. Please pass on my appreciation to everyone that 
Please see attached document provided by NCA. Additionally, please advise whether any internal NSPCC investigation 
Please let us know how we can coordinate with NCA on your behalf. 
please speak to the originator for permission. 
There are two things that are odd about this list, that we need clarification on, please. The first is, on your 
239. It's entirely possible I'm just missing it -- please let me know if so -- but if not, did you send us a device that 
aren't currently listed? Or was it just a typo? Please let us know as soon as possible, since those seven folders are 
please? 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to 
Please provide this information to anyone else who should be on this call. 
Please provide this information to anyone else who should be on this call. 
anyone else you feel has established good rapport with the victims. Please let me know whom {J should coordinate 
Also, I’ve been asked again about the info for NCA. Please let know how we should respond. 
Please see attached document provided by NCA. Additionally, please advise whether any internal NSPCC investigation 
Please let us know how we can coordinate with NCA on your behalf. 
Scheduling a call as discussed on the low side last week. If this time doesn’t work for anyone, please let me know. 
Please use the phone information below to access the call: 
Scheduling a call as discussed on the low side last week. If this time doesn't work for anyone, please let 
Please use the phone information below to access the call: 
Scheduling a call as discussed on the low side last week. If this time doesn't work for anyone, please let 
Please use the phone information below to access the call: 
For now, PM (EEE will be the POC for CID. Please also cc me on everything. That way, if I 
Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not). 
HE please thank J for extensively explaining the Program and the Estate and how it relates to 
Hi SB and 9 - please see below regarding the article yesterday. I did speak to J today so | 
| know that the news articles are often times inaccurate and can be confusing. Please let me know if you have any 
Please see attached document provided by NCA. Additionally, please advise whether any internal NSPCC investigation 
Please let us know how we can coordinate with NCA on your behalf. 
Please provide this information to anyone else who should be on this call. 
For now, PM (EE will be the POC for CID. Please also cc me on everything. That way, if I 
Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not). 
For now, PM (EEE will be the POC for CID. Please also cc me on everything. That way, if I 
Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not). 
For now, PM eae! will be the POC for CID. Please also cc me on everything. That way, if I get 
Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not). 
For now, PM ieee will be the POC for CID. Please also cc me on everything. That way, if 1 get 
Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not). 
For now, PM ly Aken oe will be the POC for CID. Please also cc me on everything. That way, if I get 
Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not). 
Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not). 
Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not). 
Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not). 
Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not). 
email that someone at JFK is running her. Just please give us a heads up if your having someone else run her 
Could you please send us the current tracking document for the hotline? It would be helpful for us to check 
Could you please send us the notes from the i interview? 
Please call when you get this information. 
It was nice talking with you yesterday. Thanks for your assistance with this. Please see the below email of aircraft 
Please let me know if | left something out that would be able to assist you in any way. 
in error, please delete this email from your system and call (978) 451-3700 immediately 
Any questions or concerns please call my NYPD cell phone aay 
Please contact me if this information assists you with arrests, indictments, subjects located, cases resolved, or 
email that someone at JFK is running her. Just please give us a heads up if your having someone else run her 
4) Could you please send us the current tracking document for the hotline? It would be helpful for us to check 
6) Could you please send us the notes from the Jj interview? 
Please Print Legitly Using Black ink O 
Thank you all for your help! Please see below regarding the Image/video file review. Please note that we need to have 
images/videos into the designated folders. In each of these categories, there are multiple devices; please be sure to only 
I'll be around to assist/help as needed and answer any questions that may come up. Please feel free to reach out with 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
Thank you all for your help! Please see below regarding the Image/video file review. Please note that we need to have 
images/videos into the designated folders. In each of these categories, there are multiple devices; please be sure to only 
I'll be around to assist/help as needed and answer any questions that may come up. Please feel free to reach out with 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
Please let me know as soon as you're able. If you're not available, we completely understand so no worries. Just 
Please let us know which day next week you need us to be available. 
potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able 
clarification, please feel free to call my cell so we can discuss. 
If his death was properly investigated then please answer me as to why Heidi Fliess admitted to giving him an 
I have yet to receive access to CAIR and need it on Monday. Please inquire. 
Thank you all for your help! Please see below regarding the Image/video file review. Please note that we need to have 
images/videos into the designated folders. In each of these categories, there are multiple devices; please be sure to only 
ll be around to assist/help as needed and answer any questions that may come up. Please feel free to reach out with 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
Please see the flowchart. 
Please send me a PDF of the Clear report. 
know that you have access to various real estate databases. Please provide me the following information: 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
Thanks-- could you please serve the attached subpoena? Thanks! 
While there are quite a few account number changes, the production includes three account relationships. Please note 
If you have any question, please contact me. 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
As requested please see the summary of some of the findings contributing to the likelihood of 
— please kindly jump in if you understand any of this to be incorrect of have info to add. 
“REDACTED.” Please immediately produce either a complete response to the Subpoena without the redaction of non- 
are unusually voluminous in nature and that compliance would cause an undue burden for Amazon. Please advise 
that is, whether Amazon has failed to produce responsive materials based on volume or burden. Please also advise 
appears to include materials in connection with just two email addresses. Please confirm that Amazon comprehensively 
No such records were produced. Please confirm that Amazon comprehensively reviewed its records for any such 
reached at 212-637-2225. IF YOU CALL AND LEAVE A MESSAGE PLEASE PROVIDE A RETURN PHONE NUMBER AT WHICH 
Please respond promptly to resolve Amazon's non-compliance. Otherwise we will initiate contempt proceedings 
Please find below a comprehensive report received from the Metropolitan Police in response to your inquiry to interview 
. As you will read, Ms has changed her mind and is no longer willing to be interviewed. Please let 
me know if you have a further — regarding Ms J. Please serialize the response to your file and also 
Please respond promptly to resolve Amazon's non-compliance. Otherwise we will initiate contempt proceedings 
Please note that the information provided is for intelligence purposes only and is law enforcement sensitive material. By 
If you have any questions, please reach out. 
Could you please review the attached application closely and give me a call when you're finished? Thanks. 
If you know the date(s) of travel (to Little St James), please let me know asap, so I can get necessary approvals 
Thank you all for your help! Please see below regarding the Image/video file review. Please note that we need to have 
images/videos into the designated folders. In each of these categories, there are multiple devices; please be sure to only 
ll be around to assist/help as needed and answer any questions that may come up. Please feel free to reach out with 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
Please do not 
Thank you all for your help! Please see below regarding the Image/video file review. Please note that we need to have 
images/videos into the designated folders. In each of these categories, there are multiple devices; please be sure to only 
ll be around to assist/help as needed and answer any questions that may come up. Please feel free to reach out with 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
Thank you all for your help! Please see below regarding the Image/video file review. Please note that we need to have 
images/videos into the designated folders. In each of these categories, there are multiple devices; please be sure to only 
Ill be around to assist/help as needed and answer any questions that may come up. Please feel free to reach out with 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
Please do not 
Could you please let me know who the service provider was in 10/05? Thanks. 
can’t seem to locate it in the materials we’ve reviewed. If you could please email it to us, that would be a big 
Hi QB Just a reminder to please send me this today. Thanks! 
Would you please send me the 302 regarding Epstein’s arrest, including whatever statements he made? 
Please feel free to reach out with questions/concerns. 
plead guilty in Florida state court to soliciting prostitution, which he did in 2008. He was sentenced to 
Let us know if any questions or issues — and obviously anybody please say the word if you disagree about holding off on 
GEE. who has connections to Epstein . As possible, please reach out to him in the short term to discuss. 
BB please contact the case agent [J re: the possibility of you participating in the search. 
HE anc BM, please reach out to ALAT Paris 
Please let me know if there are issues opening and I can resend. 
Good afternoon - please find attached the response from T-Mobile re ae last attachment 
Could you please submit subpoenas for subscriber, method of payment, and 30 days of tolls fo 
If it would be beneficial to arrange a meeting please let me know, or alternatively if you are no longer involved 
have received this email in error, please notify the sender and delete it from your system. Do not use, copy or 
subsequent investigation of coconspirators now that Epstein is dead. Please call me at 
Please let me know if someone will be able to assust: as each of these victims are in crisis. 
protected. If you are not the intended recipient of this information, please destroy it promptly without further retention or dissemination (unless 
otherwise required by law). Please notify the sender of the error by a separate email or by calling FBI-New York at 212-384-2921. 
imagine with this case our SAC will want a brief bit of information on what you've got going. Please put that in your 
Please advise if you need further assistance concerning this matter. A criminal Guardian containing this 
is 1/20/53. The Government will be seeking detention in this case, and if you have any questions please feel free 
Can you please provide me with his pedigree information, a copy of the charging instrument and the estimated 
Please let me know what day/time is best for you. 
\<* Please sead the Fly Time Wire to LATS via fax number 405-684-5074, 
Please feel free to reach out with questions/concerns 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to 
Please contact Mrs. [RY at I. 
Glad it worked out. Good luck with the case and please let us know if you ever need assistance from the Palm 
Would you kindly advise? Happy to e-introduce you guys. Please let me know if | can help out further in any 
Thanks J |’ cc’ing IJ anc 9. EE. s ould you be able to please reach out to I? 
please? 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to 
Also, I'm sorry to ask, but please be in a suit tomorrow. This is coming from the higher ups. 
Can you please take a look at it? 
Please see the section about the march ending at Epstein's house on Sept. 28. FYSA only. :) 
Please let me know if you and/or colleagues are interested in joining us on Sept. 28". It would be great if you 
Thanks so much, and please let me know if you have any questions or would like more information about the 
For further information or to make referrals please contact: 
Attached are the items listed in evidence in Miami. Please let me know what you'd like shipped to NY and I will 
Please see the attached preservation request. 
Please see the attached preservation request. 
disclosure, please notify me beforehand so that I may obtain a non-disclosure order if necessary. If 
conclude that information in the account is being preserved or viewed, please notify me before taking 
Please see the attached preservation request. 
disclosure, please notify me beforehand so that | may obtain a non-disclosure order if necessary. If 
conclude that information in the account is being preserved or viewed, please notify me before taking 
Fwd: I'm sorry this took so long, please let me know if you need anything else. 
Subject: I'm sorry this took so long, please let me know if you need anything else. 
orce, or coercion? Please explain in detail how the trafficking began and ended. 
Please take your time and answer using dates, places, others involved to the best of 
2. Please state your full name and date of birth. pe 
3. Please state your current address and phone une fe 
4. Please give physical description of yourself: HT, WT, hair and eye color, ethnicity, 
a statute of limitation on Human Trafficking within 18 US 1591. Please note that while these 
When responding to the above questions, please print or type. 
Microsoft respects your privacy. To learn more, please read our Privacy Statement. 
Could you please review the attached application closely and give me a call when you're finished? Thanks. 
Microsoft respects your privacy. To learn more, please read our Privacy Statement. 
Attached please find Amazon’s response to the above-referenced request. For privacy and other legal reasons, we 
intended recipient or you believe that you have received this communication in error, please delete this message 
and do not print, share, or otherwise use this message or its contents in any way. Please also indicate by reply 
Please let me know your availability and number. 
Can you send them to myself and my partner [J CC'd here. Can you please continue to send those as they 
I have reviewed the warrant. After the Indictment and arrest warrant are signed (around 11:30), please send me 
a pdf of the signed documents. I can then swear out the warrant around noon. Please call me with the agent on 
Would you please review the attached affidavit tonight and give me a call if you have any edits? My goal is to send this to 
message, along with any attachments, may be confidential and legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please destroy 
it promptly without further retention or dissemination (unless otherwise required by law). Please notify the sender of the error by a separate e-mail or 
| am going to begin to review this today, but | wanted to forward for you, as well. If you have not reviewed this yet, please 
Please take a look at the attached docs and let me know if release of info in this report will impact our 7A 
parts. We ask that it be treated with confidentiality. The letter is self-explanatory, but please do not hesitate to let us 
Given the sensitivity, please treat with confidentiality. 
| am going to begin to review this today, but | wanted to forward for you, as well. If you have not reviewed this yet, please 
Please take a look at the attached docs and let me know if release of info in this report will impact our 7A 
parts. We ask that it be treated with confidentiality. The letter is self-explanatory, but please do not hesitate to let us 
If you are available, please contact SA i (she is cc’d). 
Please let me know what the time commitment would be. 
opportunity to assist with a high profile case. If you are available, please contact SAQA and copy your 
opportunity to assist with a high profile case. If you are available, please contact SA J and copy your 
Please consider conserving our natural resources before printing this e-mail and/or any attachments 
If you are available, please contact TE is cc’d). 
Please see the attached draft and review for accuracy and victim language. Happy to discuss. 
Please let me know what the time commitment would be. 
unique opportunity to assist with a high profile case. If you are available, please contact SA and 
retuning on January 21, 2020. If you need immediate assistance please 
unique opportunity to assist with a high profile case. If you are available, please contact S/ and 
if | can be of any assistance to you going forward please email me. 
someone to pick it up, because BOP will not keep it. Could you please pick this up from the marshals at 500 Pearl, and 
keep it in your files? If you have any questions, please feel free to call the marshal | spoke with 
Please let me know if you have any questions or need additional information or assistance. 
Thank you and your team for all your help over the past couple days. I know it was a long couple days. Please 
Thank you and your team for all your help over the past couple days. | know it was a long couple days. Please 
material. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please destroy it promptly without further retention or 
dissemination, unless otherwise required by law. Please notify the sender of the error by separate email or by calling 
federal building, we are requesting some personal information needed to meet security requirements. Please complete 
These meetings will be held in two different locations, New York and Florida. Please choose which meeting 
Participation is limited to you and one support person. If you are interested in attending, please respond by 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able 
e Please find attached a few documents from our briefing last fall: 
Please let me know the confirmed date ASAP so | can begin my canvass of the field for Victim Specialists to assist in 
potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able 
As discussed, see attached. Please confirm when AD IOD approval is obtained and we can proceed with booking 
Please use the following information to dial-in: 
Please use the following information to dial-in: 
Please don’t hesitate to reach out. Thanks for your help. It’s appreciated. 
If you are available, please contact SA i (she is cc’d). 
for | hour although we probably won't use the entire hour. Please find the dial-in information below. 
have this call for 1 hour although we probably won't use the entire hour. Please find the dial-in 
Thank you for your assistance with this. Please let me know if there is anything else you’d need. We'd like to plan to meet 
Please let me know as soon as you’re aware of his pending arrival/departure from Teterboro. In dealing with 
My pleasure, 
Allow me to electronically introduce you to LE ia of FBI-NY (contact info below). Please see her below 
have his identifiers to include tail number. Please let me know what information you will need and I'm happy to provide 
Please let us know which day next week you need us to be available. 
potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able 
Okay great, please reach out to 
materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist 
back and might be of investigative value. Would you please handle, or pass along to whoever has been handling the FBI 
Would one of you please be able to figure that out? Once that’s confirmed, the Blu-Ray folders 102, 103, and 104 can all 
Would one of you please take a look and see if you can? 
There is a box on my desk containing 15 VHS tapes and 39 cassette tapes. Would you please work with IT to get them all 
and 1D5), which are all on blu-ray and won’t open on my computer. Would you please work with IT to get the contents 
Could you please help fulfill I GJ request below? | J bring this box and envelope down to 307 today. 
Would you be able to help out with some more projects on the Maxwell case when you’re next in the office, please? | 
« There is a box on my desk containing 15 VHS tapes and 39 cassette tapes. Would you please work with IT to get 
1D4, and 1D5), which are all on blu-ray and won't open on my computer. Would you please work with IT to get 
Please let me know if you have any questions, and thank you so much for your help. 
Would you give me a call about the witness in the attached 302 when you have a minute, please? 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
e Please find attached a few documents from our briefing last fall: 
Please let me know the confirmed date ASAP so | can begin my canvass of the field for Victim Specialists to assist in 
If you know the date(s) of travel (to Little St James), please let me know asap, so I can get necessary 
investigation. If there are none, please advise so. Thank you. 
discovery laptop and hard drive so please coordinate with her to get it for tomorrow. 
Please let us know at your earliest convenience about these files as well as my questions in my email yesterday (i.e., the 
NYCO24326, NYCO24355, NYCO24368, NYCO27910), each of which contains confidential material. Can you please let us 
Additionally, can you please let us know whether the following devices (NYCO24334, NYCO27908, NYCO24394) had any 
need to get that material from you ASAP, please. 
on Friday to provide us with the responsive materials. Please let us know when this is done and how we can best get 
In sum, we need you to please confirm the contents of all of the cells below marked with an “x” at your earliest 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
| am going to begin to review this today, but | wanted to forward for you, as well. If you have not reviewed this yet, please 
Please take a look at the attached docs and let me know if release of info in this report will impact our 7A 
parts. We ask that it be treated with confidentiality. The letter is self-explanatory, but please do not hesitate to let us 
Please use the line below to dial-in: 
Please use the line below to dial-in: 
Please note we have her listed as JJ not IJ as you had written below to Gloria — just trying to be careful about 
Our client, i) would like to attend the meeting in Miami, please. She would like to have her 
make it easier for us all to keep track of what’s outstanding. If you could please send us an email at the end of today 
When we talk at 3 today, please let us know if you have any questions about these items, happy to discuss. 
Please use the following dial-in: 
If you are able to assist, please reach out to _0U0Ulti(‘i‘i‘;*‘C*@ she is cc'd) 
- it was a pleasure just speaking with you. Below is my contact information; and in addition 
. The email invitation should go out by Monday. Please let me know if you have 
e For the photo(s) ofa were seized during search warrants, could you please pull them from evidence to 
* On VNS stuff, could you please double check that [III 
If you are able to assist, please reach out to 0U0Ultti‘“‘z@ she is ce'd) 
Please let us know at your earliest convenience about these files as well as my questions in my email yesterday (i.e., the 
NYCO24326, NYCO24355, NYCO24368, NYCO27910), each of which contains confidential material. Can you please let us 
Additionally, can you please let us know whether the following devices (NYCO24334, NYCO27908, NYCO24394) had any 
need to get that material from you ASAP, please. 
on Friday to provide us with the responsive materials. Please let us know when this is done and how we can best get 
In sum, we need you to please confirm the contents of all of the cells below marked with an “x” at your earliest 
potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize 
CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender. 
received this invite on behalf of your clients? Can you please confirm and let me know if there are any names 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Thank you all for your help! Please see below regarding the Image/video file review. Please note that we need to have 
images/videos into the designated folders. In each of these categories, there are multiple devices; please be sure to only 
ll be around to assist/help as needed and answer any questions that may come up. Please feel free to reach out with 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
Please send it to me and | will ensure it gets to the proper squad. 
As always, please let me know if there’s ever anything | can do to help you! 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the Western Union sender immediately 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the 
have received this communication in error, please notify the Western Union sender immediately by replying to this 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the 
Please send it to me and | will ensure it gets to the proper squad. 
As always, please let me know if there’s ever anything | can do to help you! 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the Western Union sender immediately 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the 
have received this communication in error, please notify the Western Union sender immediately by replying to this 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the 
strictly prohibited. If you are not an intended recipient and received this communication in error, please notify the sender by return e-mail and delete this 
We'd like to issue subpoenas to three chefs who worked for Epstein — can you please confirm that the following spellings 
Hi Bob - I am reaching out regarding our conversation earlier today. Can you please confirm you received invites 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
~ Please arrive no later than 8:30 a.m. ~ 
RSVP: Please advise whether you will be attending by sending your completed RSVP 
Point of contact: Please direct all communication related to this briefing to 
hours. Please use this email address only to communicate about scheduling and 
travel logistics. Please do not use this email address to submit substantive 
welcome to do so. Please include their information on the RSVP form. 
Location: If travel to the Miami, Florida, location is not possible, please contact us so we 
material after the November 12 meeting, please let us know. 
communications devices will not be allowed in the building. Please leave your devices in 
Ground transportation will be reimbursed with receipts. Please retain receipts if you 
expenses during your travel. Please contact us if this is a concern. 
If last minute changes arise regarding your itinerary or if you have additional questions, please 
parts. We ask that it be treated with confidentiality. The letter is self-explanatory, but please do not hesitate to let us 
Please advise OPR if you have objections to the public release of information contained in 
the draft report. Please note that the sourcing citations in the footnotes will be removed from the 
Because OPR’s draft report is confidential, please share it only with those members of your staff 
Thank you all for your help! Please see below regarding the Image/video file review. Please note that we need to have 
images/videos into the designated folders. In each of these categories, there are multiple devices; please be sure to only 
lll be around to assist/help as needed and answer any questions that may come up. Please feel free to reach out with 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
not get anything more, but let us know if we do that you want to see it. I, please 
Please be advised that | have represented a who is currently an 
Sorry one more question on below. Based on the email below, can you please confirm that J IJ anc 
Thanks. Can you please confirm the email provided for Ms ij below? It is the same as for the prior-listed victim. 
I've cc’d VS RR EEE. More information below — I) can you please confirm that none of 
sent us a week or so ago. But please let us know if you spot any difference. 
Please find attached a list of clients from Brittany Henderson. Victim Specialist I I is working on 
that any retention, review, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please notify the sender by a separate 
Please let us know if you are able to turn the RSVP Questionnaire into a fillable PDF form? Thank you! 
Thanks for the parking info which I’ve dropped in. Please see both documents attached and let us know if any other 
Thank you all for your help! Please see below regarding the Image/video file review. Please note that we need to have 
images/videos into the designated folders. In each of these categories, there are multiple devices; please be sure to only 
ll be around to assist/help as needed and answer any questions that may come up. Please feel free to reach out with 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
couple questions about the attached. Is there a time this week when we could have a call to discuss, please? 
Thank you all for your help! Please see below regarding the Image/video file review. Please note that we need to have 
images/videos into the designated folders. In each of these categories, there are multiple devices; please be sure to only 
I'll be around to assist/help as needed and answer any questions that may come up. Please feel free to reach out with 
Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein’s devices. The protocol asks that all 
Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
This came though and will need a response. Please see below, and forward to the appropriate person. 
Please find ra Acceptance letter and assignment of case number. She is initially eligible for $9,9999.99 
Please let me know if | can be of further assistance. 
form. Please let me know who this is so they do not submit the form. 
coordinate travel. Would you please provide J with your new client’s name as it appears on her ID, date of birth, 
COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED 
If you have spoken with a FBI Victim Specialist, please provide their name: Click here to enter VS name 
or copying of this email is strictly prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify 
or copying of this email is strictly prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify 
Thank you for your interest in the upcoming meeting. Please be sure to bring your government issued identification for 
to go through building security, so please plan to arrive by 9:30. You will then be escorted to the meeting space. 
If last minute changes arise, regarding your itinerary or should you have additional questions, please submit 
Lastly, please be respectful of the intention of the meeting. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
looking for assistance. She lives outside . If there is someone else I should teach out please let me 
Please arrange for 1 bitcoin (btc) by 69m EDT today, Thursday 11.22.19 to the btc wallet 
assurance this is exclusive, never shared before. No attorneys. No samples. No questions please. Confirm asap. 
Could you please serve the attached subpoena & NDO? Thanks! 
Could you please serve the attached subpoena & NDO? Thanks! 
Please refer to the attached request forms. Thanks. 
to keep open -- obviously I know Maxwell's name but could you please send any other info we need for her, as 
Please le me know if you have any questions. 
Please feel free to call my cell at J if you have any further questions. 
- | have your phone # back at my office - and I’m not allowed back there - so. -please call me - no rush - 
Hi QM - please see below. Has she met with you? 
please do not hesitate to reach out. Thank you so much for your assistance and support! 
In the event that one or more of these women has not been previously identified to the FBI, please let 
Please let me know what you need to get the counseling for each up and running. | will contact the 
Thanks again. And please know that | remain committed to assisting your team with their investigation 
way, please let me know. 
If you have a client that would like to utilize this assistance - please send us their name for approval prior to any 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
If you could please call J with Processing at J to firm up that missing information, and from 
this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
As discussed the two child pornography are submitting for minor victims. Please let me know if | did anything incorrectly 
this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
makes appointments. Please let the girls know to use my name as a reference if they speak to Veronica. 
The New York Crime Victims Compensation link is www.ovs.ny.gov. please have them complete an application 
For the individuals in Florida - please have their identified therapist contact me and we will request for the 6 
Please call me if you have any additional questions 
statement contained in the probation investigation report (pre-sentence, pre-plea or pre-disposition report) indicates that the 
considered by the Court. Your claim for restitution will be included in any probation investigation report (pre-sentence, pre-plea 
probation department. Plea agreements can occur within days of the actual criminal offense. If this information is not provided 
before the plea agreement and sentencing, you may have to pursue the perpetrator in Civil Court. 
filling out this form Please print. Answer all questions. /t is a crime to file a false claim! fal 
(VRRA), including notification of court events. For further details, please refer to Title 34 United States Code section 
heard at any public proceeding in the district court involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding; (5) The 
with respect for the victim's dignity and privacy; (9) The right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or 
— of your views regarding any aspect of the case, please contact one of the prosecutors listed above or me 
Please understand that these rights apply only to victims of the counts charged in federal court, and thus you may not be 
For shell requests, password resets, or general questions, please email the VNS team at: HQ-DIV42-VSD-VNS 
I’ve attached the Keep Open Letter as requested. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Hi (and GM - please see below. Have we received an answer on the extended sessions? 
payment. Her name is. Please let me know how we need to proceed. She currently 
Please see the attached opinion from Judge Nathan, which addresses almost all of the pretrial motions we’ve been 
Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 
for all three days. AUSA | will be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info. 
proffering inmate at 500 Pearl) throughout the day. Please note that an agent will likely need to escort Maxwell to the 
evidence to 500 Pearl and that has already been coordinated. Please make sure to have a handcuff key on you. The 
Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 
all three days. AUSA J will be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info. 
any proffering inmate at 500 Pearl) throughout the day. Please note that an agent will likely need to escort Maxwell to the 
9:30am. The evidence unit is transporting all evidence to 500 Pearl and that has already been coordinated. Please 
Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 
the entire day for all three days. Ua will be present as well for the review. Please see below 
way an agent would monitor any proffering inmate at 500 Pearl) throughout the day. Please note that an agent 
evidence to 500 Pearl and that has already been coordinated. Please make sure to have a handcuff key on you. The review 
Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 
for all three days. AUSA J will be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info. 
proffering inmate at 500 Pearl) throughout the day. Please note that an agent will likely need to escort Maxwell to the 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. 
Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original message and any copies. 
intended to waive any privilege. Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original 
(preferred) or T visa. Please let me know if you have any suggestions on this. Thanks so much. 
not intended to waive any privilege. Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the 
privilege. Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original message and any copies. 
Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 
the entire day for all three days. AUSA = | will be present as well for the review. Please see below 
way an agent would monitor any proffering inmate at 500 Pearl) throughout the day. Please note that an agent 
day for all three days. AUSA ae be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info. 
the day. Please note that an agent will likely need to escort Maxwell to the bathroom during the day as 
Please refer to this spreadsheet that J recreated for the phone call. 
Please see the attached opinion from Judge Nathan, which addresses almost all of the pretrial motions we’ve been 
Please note that the information provided is for intelligence purposes only and is law enforcement sensitive material. By 
Please reach out if you have any questions. 
Your EAN Request has been approved. Please use EAN 579119.1; Program: RI; Subprogram: RI. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Name(s) of Personnel Traveling (If requesting more than one Agent/TFO from the field office, please 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
time. Please let us know by tomorrow, October 19, if there are any errors on your reservation and/or if your travel plans 
Please use Uber or a taxi for transport during your stay and keep all receipts for reimbursement, which can take up to 
four weeks. If you are unable to pay for these expenses out of pocket, please email us back so we can make the proper 
Please note that we will assess a fee of 656.43 USD if you must cancel after this 
Please be prepared to show proof of eligibility for your rate (such as a 
Please note that a change in the length or dates of your reservation may result in 
You may opt out of promotional emails at any time here. Each email also includes a link to unsubscribe. Please 
number remained the same but will now illustrate only your tip to NY. Please be aware that lodging and additional 
user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: 
in error, please notify the sender and erase all copies immediately. 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e- 
Epstein was a financier who in June 2008 pleaded guilty to “a criminal charge of 
Please advise an NTOC SSA if you need further assistance concerning this matter via telephone at 
Please advise an NTOC SSA if you need further assistance concerning this matter via telephone 77 
For post-indictment victim assistance, please contact: 
For direct service victim assistance needs that cannot wait until my return on Monday, November 18, please 
Thanks so much for coordinating the 72 case evidence—really great that we've got it in New York now. Could you please 
Following up on my conversation with JJ just now, would you please put together a photobook for us to show to trial 
Thanks for sending. For this account, could you please send us the account statements surrounding the 10/19/99 transfer 
addition, could you please let me know the bates range for the account documents for this account? I’m having difficulty 
If you have any questions, please contact me. 
When you have a moment, could you please send me the signature card for the JP Morgan account ending in 5001? It’s 
Please feel free to contact me if you require further information. 
communication in error, please immediately delete it and all copies, and promptly notify the sender at the above 
Can you please send the photos referenced in the attached 302? The 302 says they are attached in a 1A. 
Also, can you please let me know of 
Attached are the two documents | showed — could you please attach them to the notes? Thanks. 
agency. | have completed the parts I need to complete, but please make sure that the FBI 
a. (questions 1-3) Please complete the full name and title of the FBI agent signing 
activity for parts 2.a.-2.d. please list the dates the criminal activity occurred as 
Cc. (question 6.) Please describe the criminal activity being investigated according 
Thanks! If there are any new notes, could you please send them along on a rolling basis? 
Could you please print this tomorrow? I'll send you the other items tomorrow when | finish writing. Thanks! 
Could you please print this tomorrow? Ill send you the other items tomorrow when | finish writing. Thanks! 
Any questions, please feel free to 
Please call and advise me of latest 
please 
Please note they must sit with me 
Sorry again and please let me know, 
Please let me know and thanks again, 
now. If that doesn't work please let us know any other dates that may be better for you. 
doesn't work please let us know any other dates that may be 
Please let me know thanks, 
and Thursday morning. Please let me know ASAP as | have to arrange my 
Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights. 
us right now. If that doesn't work please let us know any 
the best date for us right now. If that doesn't work please let us know any 
right now. If that doesn't work please let us know any other dates that may be better 
Please let me know what date and time works for you. 
that time and date, and if we need to change as we get closer please let us know. 
that time and date, and if we need to change as we get closer please let us know. 
please let us know any other dates that may be better for you. 
Please let me know and thanks again, 
Please let me know and thanks again, 
Please let me know if any of these work. 
My client has been in contact regarding the possibility of an interview to take place in London. Please 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
right now. If that doesn't work please let us know any other dates that may be better 
Please let me know and thanks again, 
closer please let us know. 
Please call him at . His email address is dondubesq@aol.com. 
Please let me know thanks, 
and Thursday morning. Please let me know ASAP as | have to arrange my 
Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights. 
Sorry again and please let me know, 
Thursday morning. Please let me know ASAP as | have to arrange my schedule. 
Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights. 
Please let me know if any of these work. 
Please note that my client is entitled to automatic anonymity under UK Statute as herself a victim 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
Please call him at His email address is dondubesq@aol.com. 
Please let me know thanks, 
and Thursday morning. Please let me know ASAP as | have to arrange my 
Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights. 
shortly for that time and date, and if we need to change as we get closer please let us 
Please let me know and thanks again, 
Please let me know what date and time works for you. 
Sorry again and please let me know, 
Please give me a call if you get a chance. Just wanted to check in on our last conversation. 
Please let me know what date and time works for you. 
Please let me know what date and time works for you. 
right now. If that doesn't work please let us know any other dates that may be better 
Please let me know and thanks again, 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in connection with 
Moreover, if you intend to disclose the existence of this subpoena to a third party, please let me 
that time and date, and if we need to change as we get closer please let us know. 
Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights. 
Please let me know and thanks again, 
Please let me know if any of these work. 
London. Please note that my client is entitled to automatic anonymity under UK Statute as 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
Please let me know and thanks again, 
Please call him at . His email address is dondubesq@aol.com. 
Please let me know thanks, 
and Thursday morning. Please let me know ASAP as | have to arrange my 
Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights. 
Please let me know thanks, 
and Thursday morning. Please let me know ASAP as | have to arrange my 
Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights. 
Please let me know and thanks again, 
Please let me know what date and time works for you. 
Please let me know if any of these work. 
My client has been in contact regarding the possibility of an interview to take place in London. Please 
This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the 
For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at 
Thursday morning. Please let me know ASAP as | have to arrange my schedule. 
Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights. 
Please let me know what date and time works for you. 
to be the best date for us right now. If that doesn't work please let us 
Please let me know and thanks again, 
Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights. 
date for us right now. If that doesn't work please let us know any other dates that 
Thursday morning. Please let me know ASAP as | have to arrange my schedule. 
Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights. 
If you have more questions, please reach out to Special Agent Cee and we'll get back 
If you could please help us get these together as soon as possible, that would be really helpful. 
and Epstein that you could please send to me as soon as possible? | think the last ones we have from FBI are from last 
If you could please help us get these together as soon as possible, that would be really helpful. 
and Epstein that you could please send to me as soon as possible? | think the last ones we have from FBI are from last 
please send the boots back to us? The AUSA's are requesting that you guys send the evidence back so they can 
provide user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org 
please send the boots back to us? The AUSA's are requesting that you guys send the evidence back so they can 
provide user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org 
please send the boots back to us? The AUSA's are requesting that you guys send the evidence back so they can 
provide user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org 
Below is the list of potential testifying witnesses as discussed. Please run rap sheets as discussed. Do you think you could 
| —-- Subject:|[EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Fwd: Please Help Us Support Jeffrey Epstein Victims 
Subject: Please 
user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org 
Please follow the Victims of 
and Epstein that you could please send to me as soon as possible? | think the last ones we have from FBI are from last 
Your hard work and unwavering dedication is inspiring, and it’s been a pleasure working with you. | look forward to 
If yes, please select your preferred method of reimbursement: 
If yes, please select your preferred method of reimbursement: 
situation as you are listed as case agent in the 50D investigation. Please advise if | can do anything to 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
situation as you are listed as case agent in the 50D investigation. Please advise if | can do anything to 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
please send us your DOB and the last 4 digits of your social security number before 9 am tomorrow? We need to forward 
courthouse. There are no exceptions. For more information, please see 
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions. 
Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original message and any copies. 
intended to waive any privilege. Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original 
(preferred) or T visa. Please let me know if you have any suggestions on this. Thanks so much. 
not intended to waive any privilege. Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the 
privilege. Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original message and any copies. 
Please let me know the best way of handling this (who to work with, best way to communication info, etc). 
Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original message and any copies. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions or suggestions. 
Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original message and any copies. 
intended to waive any privilege. Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original 
(preferred) or T visa. Please let me know if you have any suggestions on this. Thanks so much. 
not intended to waive any privilege. Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the 
privilege. Please notify the sender of any unintended recipients and immediately delete the original message and any copies. 
GR... Here is the list that I put together for the Maxwell trial related to the 40 Foley Bridge. Please let 
me know if I am missing anyone. Please carefully review the FBI agents to include case agents and agents 
pleasure men. 
iu was an absolute pleasure to work with when buying my home. She was knowledgeable 
solely of the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify 
Can you please send the 1As referenced in the attached 302? 
PLEASE FED-X CHECK TC TO: 
-_PLEASE-FED-X OR 
Please MAIL check to: 
‘Please MAIL check peice : 4“, 
and Epstein that you could please send to me as soon as possible? | think the last ones we have from FBI are from last 
If you could please help us get these together as soon as possible, that would be really helpful. 
and Epstein that you could please send to me as soon as possible? | think the last ones we have from FBI are from last 
and Epstein that you could please send to me as soon as possible? | think the last ones we have from FBI are from last 
Thanks very much! If you have any issues, please let me know. 
Could you please send i a copy of all of our Amazon returns in the Maxwell case? USAfx should 
Does 10 or 1030 work on your end? If so, please forward call-in information or let me know and | can send a 
recognize and/or trust the sender. If you feel this is a suspicious-looking email, please report by using the 
Thanks for chatting earlier. Can you please let us know the name of the new CBP witness and your availability 
WE anc GM, and so also wanted to ask you if you could please either email, or give me a quick call to tell me, your: 
GE anc GM, and so also wanted to ask you if you could please either email, or give me a quick call to tell me, your: 
HS anc GM, and so also wanted to ask you if you could please either email, or give me a quick call to tell me, your: 
HE anc GR, and so also wanted to ask you if you could please either email, or give me a quick call to tell me, your: 
GS anc GM, and so also wanted to ask you if you could please either email, or give me a quick call to tell me, your: 
This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e- 
GS anc GM, and so also wanted to ask you if you could please either email, or give me a quick call to tell me, your: 
WE anc GM, and so also wanted to ask you if you could please either email, or give me a quick call to tell me, your: 
Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing/@nypd_org 
while setting up the massage table. We are looking to purchase some of these sketches. Please let me know if that was you or you can assist me in my search. 
When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): august 9 2019 
Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide the specific location/address if possible): FCC 
Please advise an NTOC SSA if you need further assistance concerning this matter via telephone ayy 
user ID or password. Suspicious? Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org 
Please give me a call if you get a chance. Just wanted to check in on our last conversation. Hope all is well! 
Please let me know what date and time works for you. 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
Please let me know if anyone else will be joining you, so | can give their names to reception. 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
Please let me know if anyone else will be joining you, so | can give their names to reception. 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
Please let me know if anyone else will be joining you, so | can give their names to reception. 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise 
able to confirm that she was a vetted victim of Epstein. If you get a chance, can you please send that over? 
this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
of emergency, please contact 
of emergency, please contact 
n case of emergency, please contact 
n case of emergency, please contact 
ae case of emergency, please contact 
ae case of emergency, please contact 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
In case of emergency, please contact: ; 
In case of emergency, please contact: ; 
in case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
in case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
n case of emergency, please contact 
n case of emergency, please contact 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
in case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
in case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
in case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
in case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
in case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
in case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of emergency, please contact: 
In case of emergency, please contact: 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact : 
In case of emergency, please contact 
In case of emergency, please contact 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
in case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
in case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
In case of an Emergency, Please contact: 
In case of emergency, please contact 
In case of emergency, please contact 
to free innocent persons fromsuspicion as to identify guilty parties. Please do not 
to free innocent persons fromsuspicion as to identifyguilty parties. Please do not 
to free innocent persons fromsuspicion as to identifyguilty parties. Please do not 
to free innocent persons fromsuspicion as to identifyguilty parties. Please do not 
to free innocent persons fromsuspicion as to identify guilty parties. Please do not 
to free innocent persons fromsuspicion as to identify guilty parties. Please do not 
to free innocent persons fromsuspicion as to identify guilty parties. Please do not 
PLEASE DO NOT DISCUSS THE CASE WITH OTHER WITNESSES NOR INDICATE 
message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG 
message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG 
message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG 
message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG 
ATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO & GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE 
Please keep in mind though that what I say is not 
concerns about the proposed indictment, please let me know 
Please refer to the above captioned Legal Attache file number when 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in connection with 
' Moreover, if you intend to disclose the existence of this subpoena to a third party, please let me 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in connection with 
Moreover, if you intend to disclose the existence of this subpoena to a third party, please let me 
Agencies intended to be searched: (Please note: Actual agencies searched may differ) 
Please be advised that the accompanying grand jury subpoena has been issued in connection with 
Moreover, if you intend to disclose the existence of this subpoena to a third party, please let me 
Please be advised that | have represented Richard Taus who is currently an 
Please read the Eligibility Requirements to see if you qualify for this program. Fill out this form completely (please print), attach all required 
He. pleve explain. Please be advised that most benefits apply to treatment lases suflered within one yar rom the dat of cme, with some exceptions for miner ics. 
number and denied. Claim numbers assigned are not indicative of eligibility or denial. For assistance with collecting acceptable documentation, please contact 
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY AND SIGN THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATIONS 
personal assets, kept confidential for a period of five years. if you are the victim of any of these crimes, please mark one of the following statements. Your 
TELEPHONED tfc PLEASE.CALL mi |. | PLEASE CALL 
werner Please Cuil. message. ELI HIM To sac 
TELEPHONED | PLEASE CALL = 
TELEPHONED | PLEASE CALL | dt. 
be =| | | TELEPHONED LX | PLEASE CALL | {fo | [teverHoneo. |. | PLEASE CALL 
TELEPHONED JX || PLEASE CALL > 
TELEPHONED PLEASE CALL 
> TELEPHONED ‘| | PLEASE caLL, 9 | | TELEPHONED )>x | PLEASE CALL LA | 
TELEPHONED | | PLEASE GALL 
PLEASE CALL 
.| TELEPHONED |__| PLEASE CALL Ei 
TELEPHONED || PLEASE CALL | A 
4 TELEPHONED PLEASE CALL | 
TELEPHONED | PLEASE GALL 
TELEPHONED | | PLEASE CALL 
8/07/06 Pleasantvi, NY 1:24 PM 
8/07/06 Pleasantvl, NY 1:24 PM 2 $ - $ s - 
8/15/06 Pleasantvl,NY 2:36 PM $ - § - $ : 
9/05/06 Pleasantv,NY 12:36PM Sy 1 $ - - $ - 
9/05/06 Pleasantvl,NY 12:40PM 6 ey $ 
