Epstein with a personal massage. The first time that [’ brought Ij to Epstein’s 
with Epstein, at the age of 15, was for the purpose of providing him with personal massages. 
three of the massages she provided. During additional visits, Epstein tried to engage 
Po At the end of each massage, ce ae was paid $200 to $400 by 
way to make fast cash. The man starts with a massage. If he likes 
woman led her to a room that had a massage table in it. The woman 
massage pointing to a specific lotion for her to use. Epstein laid on 
the table, face down. As began to give Epstein the massage, 
told that stein asked for a massage, 
was giving Epstein the massage, 
massage, telling her to go clockwise, etc. ae recalled that 
She was told she would have to provide a massage and should make 
Epstein s bedroom. arranged the massage table and covered the 
table with a sheet. brought out the massage oils and laid them 
next to the massage bed. a) 
towel. He lay on the table onto his stomach and ms : massage oil 
for to rub on him. During the massage, stated, He tried 
told Epstein, I'll massage you but I don't-want to be touched. 
massage, Epstein pal 200.00 for the massage. He explained, I 
massage, possibly naked, and some touching. I asked her if the victim 
upstairs. When_the massage was over, the victim returned to the 
for the massage. Back in the vehicle, (J asked the victim what 
happened. The victim told her about the massage and then they went 
have to provide a massage to Jeff. = stated upon her arrival to 
prepared the room and massage table for a 
massage. Epstein entered the room and she provided a massage. it 7 
stated she kept her clothes on during the massage. She stated 
sometime during the massage Epstein Desa and — 
involving Jefrt. At e conclusion of the massage, she was paid 
$200.00 for the massage. I asked if she has any formal training 
in massages to which she replied no. I asked her if received 
any monies for taking her to perform the massage. stated 
stated she only the massage once, as she 
room up with a massage bed and brought out the oils to use. Jeff then 
a lotion for to rub on him. At one point during the massage, 
discontinued the massage. Both and Jeffrey had a verbal 
set the room up with a massage bed and brought out the oils to 
during the massage, he tried to 
massage and was paid $200.00. en went downstairs where 
make money. She agreed and was to she would provide a massage to 
was familiar with e assistant _ set up the massage table and 
further stated that during the massage Jeff asked her to remove 
provide a massage for Jeff. e advised she was ashamed and 
with a massage table and set_out the oils. dimmed the lights 
area. During the massage, Jeff removed his towel. As rubbed 
massage and left the area. She met with who was waiting in the 
a] then explained she never provided another massage for Jeff. She 
massage, they left the area. I asked if 
would _be expected of her when she provided a massage. 
yes, told her that a massage would be expected poss 
providing massages. 
massages. I asked her if she had formal training in providing 
massages, stated she did not. advised she was told what 
was expected of her by providing massages and would have to remove 
stop pushing the issue. began providing massages and advised 
clothes and staying in her thong underwear to provide a massage. 
Jeff would try to get away with more and more on each massage. 
Originally, drove her to the house for the original massage. 
age, aE stated Je idn t care. The most recent massage she 
provided was on October 1, 2005. During the massage she asked Jeff if 
later stated he would rent her a car. She continued with the massage 
massage table. [MJ advised she had been doing the massage for 
massages for Jeff at the age of sixteen. 
her upstairs and prepare the massage table. 
massages. (MN sdvised she was working at the ae wher 
a massage to Epstein and she would have to perform this massage 
on 30 minutes of work. She agreed to perform the massage and 
prepared the room by setting up the massage table and provided 
bedroom, where prepared the room by setting up the massage table 
. Epstein ejaculated which meant the massage 
was over. At the conclusion of the massage, was paid $200.00. 
things began to escalate more than the massage. The encounters 
that and was removing her self from the massage table. 
aske or a sheet of paper and drew the massage table in the 
still may be going to the house to massage Epstein. According to 
she only went a couple of times and provided a massage to Epstein. 
providing massages. stated she provided a massage, fully 
massage table was also located within the master bedroom. Video tapes 
massage tables were located in the closet along with a photo of a nude 
that the massage would have to be done in her underwear. e 
room. A massage table was already out near the sauna/shower area in 
stomach area and they provided a massage on his legs and feet area. I 
asked if she had any formal massage training and she replied 
boy shorts lace panties. She and continued the massage until 
the last ten minutes of the massage, Epstein, told to leave the 
room so that could finish the massage. 
for providing the massage. ra was told to leave her telephone 
the massage in underwear. advised she declined, as she was not 
him but declined. a explained that work means give massages. 
She was asked about any formal training in providing massages to which 
who were taken to Epstein s house to provide massages. 
would have to provide a massage, possibly naked. It was also told that 
received $200.00 for each girl she brought over to massage 
until the massage was over. She further stated that the cook wou 
providing a massage to him for $200.00. The arrangements were made 
she remove her clothing to provide the massage. = 
stated that on the first massage she provided she did not remove her 
she provided a massage. stated she was unsure if he climaxed 
two females during her visits to provide massages. stated she 
she provided a massage he would masturbate. 
formal training in providing a massage. 
to make money providing massages to Epstein. had heard that 
master bedroom and Master bathroom where a massage table was prepared 
towel and she provided a massage wearing only her thong panties. 
massage. She stated Epstein continued to masturbate until he 
* climaxed; once that occurred the massage was over. She felt the whole 
the massage. She also stated 9 received $200.00 for bring 9 to 
provide a massage and things had escalated from just providing a 
‘Massage ta , or her massage. I asked her 
if she had any formal training in providing massages, stated she 
assistant, an into the massage. = was brought into room with 
as they provided a massage to 
occasions, Epstein introduced the large white vibrator/massager 
aa the massage. Epstein 
she provided the massage. 
Epstein had a massage in the morning and one in the afternoon. Mr. 
bathroom. He lay on the table and picked the massage oils. She 
provided the massage, as he lay naked on the massage bed. She stated 
she rubbed his calves and back area. Upon the end of the massage, 
Epstein removed himself from the massage table and paid her $300.00 
for the massage. 
was again led upstairs by She provided the massage, clothed. 
asked if she ever removed her clothing to provide a massage. 
upstairs by She started providing the massage when Epstein 
providing e massage. stated she believed he climaxed based 
aE stated on the last time she went to provide a_massage, she 
stated that Epstein got upset, as she wasn't enjoying e massage. 
back. Epstein told her to leave as she was ruining his massage. I 
formal training in provide any massages. also stated she was 
providing a massage to Epstein for $200.00. had_informed her 
that she would have to provide this massage topless. made the 
the massage. Both and provided the massage on his 
legs, back and feet. Forty minutes into the massage, Epstein turned 
area for Epstein instructe to finish the massage. 
off with the towel, he instructed the massage was done and to 
providing the massage. stated she was aware that J also 
another massage; [MJ agreed and the arrangements were made by 
master bathroom area. left Ee this time to do the massage 
She described the vibrator/massager as large rey with a large head. 
climaxed_onto the towel again and informed_her that the massage was 
kitchen area. She received $200.00 for the massage. | said 
house. was asked if she received any formal_massage 
massages. Each time she went more things happened. She would massage 
told to bring other girls to him to provide massages. declined 
any formal training in providing massages. . 
passion for massages. I called ASA Lana Belohlavek and confirmed that 
about massages. 
three girls would come during a day and provide the massages. The 
I_ asked Mr. about massages that occurred within the home. Mr. 
stat Mr. Epstein had up to three massages a day. Each 
sixteen or seventeen years of age at the most. The massages would 
that he would set up the massage tables either in Epstein s bedroom or 
massage. stated that there were times towards the end of his 
employment that he would have to wash off a massager/vibrator and a 
long rubber penis, which were in the sink after the massage. 
after the massage. was never privy to what went on during the 
massages. 
He was asked if he remembered any names of the girls that massaged 
very passionate about massages. He continued that Mr. Epstein had 
allegedly donated over $100,000 to the Ballet of Florida for massages. 
The massages are therapeutic and spiritually sound for him that is 
why he has had many massages. Mr. Fronstin stated he appreciated the 
taken to Epstein's house to provide a massage for mone 
she did and agreed to provide a massage for money. made 
to a master bedroom and bathroom. The massage table was already set 
that =m may massage his feet and calves. started the 
massage with the massage oil Jeff chose and rubbed his feet and 
calves. Jeff got off the phone and requested she massage his back as 
there to massage him. Jeff told her to leave her telephone number 
I_asked her if she ever received any formal massage training to which 
stairs in the foyer. Inside the closet two massage tables were 
would have two massages a day. Epstein would have one massage in the 
morning and one massage in the afternoon everyday he was in residence. 
would be taken upstairs to provide the massage. I asked Rodriguez if 
that came to provide a massage. e ew the girls were still in high 
massages. He felt there was a lot more going on than just massages. 
He would clean Mr. Epstein's bedroom after the alleged massages and 
would discover massager/vibrators and sex toys scattered on the floor. 
there was a large massage bed also in the bathroom. Epstein entered a 
said they would provide a massage on his feet. ee asked why they 
massage, she stated Epstein was 
her closer to him the massage was over. Epstein had told her that 
massage, Epstein ordered his houseman at the time to drive the girls 
and the massage wou e over. She was paid $200.00 each time she 
revealed she is a licensed Massage therapist with a Florida 
licensed massage therapist who had previously been seen on Epstein's 
began providing massages to Epstein before she became a massage 
therapist. She continued giving massages not only to Epstein but to 
what occurred during the massages. [MJ stated as she was twenty 
would ask her to perform during the massage. He would instruct her.to 
massages naked. Epstein would on occasion, utilize the 
when she performed the massages. 
and his wife, who she provided a massages to. The statement was 
scheduled another day for (J to return for massages with her. 
an ave a massage. had told her that she would be unable to 
massage. 
stated she met with an unknown massage therapist and had the 
massage. aad remembered that the door to the guest room was closed 
at seas nes is a licensed massage therapist who ha 
Massages (Deep Tissue) on him and other guests. explained that 
a massage therapist. stated since that time, she is notified 
house and provides the massage or massages. explained she has 
also massaged his guests and assistants. continued that she is 
paid $100.00 and hour for the massage. 
I asked aa if anything occurred during the massage that would have 
made her feel uncomfortable. stated she only provided massages 
rub his chest as that is not part of her massage. explained 
provided massages. 
stated she only provided massages for Epstein and_his 
associates and nothing happened during those massages. | stated 
as she does Swedish style massages, the patient is usually sore after 
the massages. I thanked her for her assistance and the interview was 
Epstein's house to provide_a massage. She advised this occurred on 
to provide a massage for § agreed and was brought to 
Epstein's house to provide a massage. stated she_had been to 
the house on many occasions during the massage sessions. 
also stated she would remove her clothing to provide the massage on 
back, legs and chest. During the massages, Epstein would masturbat 
during the massages. 
massage 
y. the massage 
if she had_any formal massage training to which she replied 
provide a massage for money. a stated she needed to make money and 
massage. I asked her if she provided the massage naked. stated 
pstein touched her during the massage. She advised he did not, 
climaxed_ the massage was over. She was paid her money and left the 
make money and was to she would have to provide a massage to this 
got ready for the massage. He exited his bathroom naked and ed 
feet. She stated she had no massage training or experience. 
Ey stated during the massage, Epstein attempted to 
cut the massage short and became upset wi er. stein paid her 
$200.00 for the massage and told her to leave the house. ey 
the massage naked and allow him to touch them_in their private areas 
told her she would have _to massage this man and possibly take 
$200 for this massage. 
said once in the upstairs bathroom, she noticed a massage table 
table at which time she and began to massage him. said 
said after more_massage, Epstein aske 
than a massage item. said Epstein 
DOB , both agreed to meet with Epstein and provide massages. 
said she told both girls that _they would have to massage this 
receive approximately $200 for these massages. said she is 
was either 16 or 17 years of age. fie said she provided a massage 
could make $300 for giving a man a massage. 
then she and were led to a massage room in the house. 
removed his robe and lay down on the massage table. said she 
and massaged Jeffrey for approximately 20 minutes. said 
she massaged Jeffrey's legs using some type of lotion. said 
said she saw a massage table in the bathroom, a couch in the 
the table and she began giving him a massage. said left 
$200 for giving this man a massage. said told her_she 
might have to get undressed during the massage. 
and then went upstairs to a bathroom. Said there was a massage 
started to massage Epstein's legs_and chest. said Epstein 
she was nude. said she continued to massage Epstein at which 
a advised she has no professional massage training nor does she 
elieve the other girls are trained in massage therapy. 
ONE GREEN MASSAGE TABLE 
Massage-English, English-Massage 
Deep massage work on fascia that 
The Rules for Giving Massage 
massage: Term 
giving a massage. Refer to Chapter 10 and make 
the massage. 
massage as an opportunity to explore your own 
A practitioner of massage or 
Massage that realigns the body's 
massages and spa treatments 
herbs, and massage to balance the body 
practiced form of massage in the 
that responds well to targeted massage 
massage 
A type of massage that targets the deeper 
Type of massage that focuses on vital, 
are stuck together, which massage can 
to cover a person receiving a massage 
connective tissues that massage often 
Seated and clothed massage given 
Relaxation massage treating the whole 
body as compared to remedial massage 
therapists can actually work in these areas, but if you're not a massage professional yourself, it’s better to stay 
massage, as it contains a sensitive facial nerve. 
The eyeball: Uniess you're trying to do a Three Stooges massage (popular amongst college males), don't 
Praise For Massage For Dummies 
wisdom, compassion and skill is what Massage For Dummies is alt about. | recommend 
this book for everyone who would like to make the art of massage a part of their lives.” 
where I can get his revitalizing massage. Learning how to get the benefits at home 
through Massage For Dummies is the next best thing to being in Steve's hand.” 
“I have long recommended massage as an important-ingredient of a holistic, self- 
thing you need to know about giving and receiving massages. | highly recommend 
“T've received massage from experts around the world and have become somewhat of 
I've been one of the most loyal clients for over twelve years now. If readers of Massage 
“Massage therapy hits the big time!!! What a wonderful approach to the art and science 
of massage. Massage For Dummies blends factual information with a good sense of 
—Dan & Tekla Ulrich, Suncoast School of Massage, Tampa, Florida 
“Massage For Dummies is an easy read: delightfully funny, thought-provoking without 
understand the many facets of massage. They help you visualize the material and see 
—Nancy W. Dail, LMT, Director, Downeast School of Massage 
into the delightful practicalities of massage. Sensitive and fun, this book is like a good 
“As a massage therapist and school owner for a total of sixteen years, | highly recom- 
—Jody Stork, owner, Space Coast Massage & Allied Health Institute, Melbourne, FL 
depersonalized world. Massage For Dummies not only legitimizes, but goes the furthest 
of any book, in demystifying massage, whether as a receiver or giver. A careful reading 
will guide you in how to integrate massage and its incredible benefits into the ‘here and 
“Massage For Dummies is not just for the novice (or Dummy), but for the professional 
massage therapist as well. The information is invaluable and presented in a light and 
opened doors for massage therapists everywhere — is truly a massage and spa 
“Massage is a great medicine, and with the help of Massage For Dummies, all of us can 
“My congratulations to Steve Capellini and Miche] Van Welden for writing Massage For 
Dummies. | enjoyed reading this book from cover to cover. Massage For Dummies is a 
practical guide for anybody who would like to enhance their skills in massage, from the 
to anybody who seriously wants to learn about massage, its origins, and applications, 
“What a treat! You feel massaged just reading this book. Superb professionals in their 
essential facts, fictions, functions, and fun of massage, touch, and bodywork.” 
“It’s about time that people understood the medical benefits of massage. [This] book 
something as simple and elegant as therapeutic massage.” 
“Here is a rare mix: one of massage therapy’s most knowledgeable, experienced, and i 
—Patricia Weinman, Massage Connoisseur 
“I found Massage For Dummies to be a wonderful and funny guide to massage, whether 
you're a massage therapist or first-time recipient. . . . Steve brings his passion for the 
massage profession along with a journalist's perception to print. A must for everyone's 
—Lynda Solien-Wolfe, LMT, NCTMP, Massage Therapy Public Relations Specialist 7 
Massage by Steve Capellini 
MASSAGE. 
Massage For Dummies® 
should write this book on massage?" Perhaps what most specifically qualifies me is 
1977: Received first massage ever, from high school girlfriend Grace, and knew that 
1983: Attended 108 hour massage class in Los Angeles and became certified. Had to 
1984: Massaged members of the cast and crew of a movie being filmed about Ernest 
1985: First regular massage job, at a spa in Florida, giving 25-minute full body oil rub- 
1987: Was called into work at a new spa in Miami, the Doral. Massaged Dr. Ruth 
1988: Became supervisor of the massage and spa treatments department at the 
1992: Started teaching workshops to massage therapists and business owners. 
Massaged Red Cross volunteers and army personnel in aftermath of Hurricane 
1997; Began publishing books on massage and spas (this is the third one). 
massage Mommy and Daddy. 
a patented massage device. All the other stuff you see on infomercials about cellulite is a lot 
clinical research projects studying the effects of massage on cute little pigs. These are under- 
I dedicate this book to the coolest little massage partner ever, Brandon Sunthorn Capellini, 
I thank Atchana, my darling partner and wife, who received less massages because I was so 
worldwide massage research. 
vision and they like massage! I really appreciate being treated as part of the team, especially 
and John Kilcullen for proudly proclaiming “Free massages! Only in America!” at the Book 
Also, there are so many friends and clients from the massage and spa world who've helped 
guerilla massage marketing and the great Massage For Dummies chair; Don Payne; John 
To all the patients who knocked on my door to receive a massage and ended up sweating in 
To Jocelyne who taught me how to speak to pigs about massage, and convince them that 
Downeast School of Massage Brian Torwelle, Mary Jo Weis 
Part |: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness — 
Chapter 1: Not Just a Rub: How Massage Can Improve Your Life .........cccssscscsecsssssseseseses 
Part I: The Art of Receiving Massage OTSA EE NORE OTRES SR 
Chapter 5: A Massage Road Map ........s..ssssssssssssssssseensnsnestsnsnssssnensssseseencssssnsnessenesesennneveneenty 65 
} Chapter 7: The Rules for Receiving Massage ..........scssssssscsssssssesnesssereesssnssssssseseecsesanescerenes 89 
Chapter 8: Your First Massage Appointment — Step-by-Step ..........ccccccsssesessssrerenseeneseee 101 
j Part I: The Art of Giving Massage SEERA EERE EE EEEEEEEEEEEREEEEEEEEEEEE 1 15 
} Chapter 9: Massage Moods: Getting the Setting Right ...ccoccsscssoccssssocsssssseernarenesssseeee 117 
j Part 1: Massage at Work PRE RESEEE LISI ESET SCE ESET ESTEE TES EEE EL EEE TEE EEE 197 
Chapter 12: The New Coffee Break: Corporate Massage for a Digital Generation ........ 199 
; Chapter 13: Cubicle Maneuvers: Self-Massage for the Keyboard Jockey ............ce0.0.213 
Part U: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body aaa! 
Chapter 15: The Spa Lifestyle: Massage, Youth, and Beauty ...........serssssssssssessessesneere 
Chapter 16: Higher, Faster, Stronger: Sports Massage ..............ssssssssserrenesssssseeseertnrensuenees 
Chapter 17: Taking It With You: Massage On the Go ............c.s00s0008 
Chapter 18: Massage for the Whole Family .............ssscccsssessseesseseseee 
Chapter 19: The Lover's Touch: Massage and Intimacy ............:+0sssssscsesessessesessesesssseseee’ 
Chapter 20: Have Hands, Will Travel: Doing Massage for a LIVING ..........ccssessesnseereesoes e291 
Chapter 21: Ten Top Places to Stucly Massage ....-.+s..:cssssesesssessenrensssseeneneenesessensanennensneee 303 
Chapter 22; Ten Outstanding Places to Receive a Topnotch Massage ..............s:sseese++ 309 
Chapter 23: Ten Inventive Ways to Give Massage aS @ Gift .......ccccccsseseccessesssseereneetsnsnsees 315 
Chapter 24: Ten Massage Techniques That Your Dog or Cat Will Love ........c.0+:+s++00 317 
Chapter 25: Ten Quick and Easy Massage Techniques for Easing Stress ..........--:+s0++« 321 
The Massage Adivemturre .............:...ssssssessessssesenseeseeeseesneoseessssssesoneorecsesasensacees 1 
Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness .....4 
Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 5 
Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body ...........000000 6 
Part 1: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness .....9 
Chapter 1: Not Just a Rub: How Massage Can Improve Your Life ...11 
Energy-balancing Massage .......s-ssssssesvesesnssesseseee 
Massage for increased awareness .... 
Spiritually oriented massage ...... i, 
Massage for emotional growth .0........c.ccsccssccsosesessssesenseenseeeeeesececeeees 
Massage for sensual pleasure ............ccssssssssssssesssssssssesesseretneertereneeeene 
Massage for MOM-HUMANS ...........ccsscsssessesesseseeseeressnsvenesnetenseetersetnesenees 
. XU Massage For Dummies 
Dramatic Moments in Massage History 
Decline of massage in the twentieth Century ...........:ccsessseeesenens 27 
Hippies save massage from EXtiMctiON .........vseresenerrsernsneresrenensnens 28 
Touching the Skin through Massage ........c.cscssssssssenssesnssennsrensnssrenenensenseens 43 
Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage ...c.cccscssessscsecesscearecesceeees O39 
Chapter 5: A Massage Road Map .........--0ecseeeeeeeeeee es OD 
So Little Time, So Many Massages .........sssssesssesserssssenssenssensssesnsssnsesssessesee 69 
RX MASSAGE .o.ccesccsscsssesesessesesessesescssosssencessseceeseseasscesenssenseussenseessensenseenee 72 
Locating a Massage Therapist .........::cccsccsscssscsesssensssesesesssssnseesapuaseaseseensesney 82 
Pampering Your Massage Therapist ..........csscsssssssssssssssseseensesnssnsesnersnsnneneass 85 
Chapter 7: The Rules for Receiving Massage ............+..++++ 89 
Chapter 8: Your First Massage Appointment — Step-by-Step .....101 
During the Massage ..........sccssssensssesesssseesssnsenssensensssnsenssenseansensennsenee 106 
— Massage therapist’s HOME .......ss0sssesssesessseensseseensrensseseessreneeees : = 
xX Massage For Dummies 
Part Il: The Art of Gidinng Massage i..c.ccccsscssssssesesssccsseceeerccceee D5 
Chapter 9: Massage Moods: Getting the Setting Right ...........117 
The “massage mood” 
Building Your Massage Muscles .........sssssssrsssssrssressossenssenssssenennsenaseenseens 136 
Massage moves in a nutshell .........ccccssssssssssssscssereenssereensenseenssneesees 153 
The Massage Dance ...........ssssssssesssersnsrsestsessnsensssesensesesssensoesssuseessssssensseessers 154 
The Rules for Giving Massage ..........:.ccsccsccesesessssssscsesesesessnseessessseseneseenseees 166 
Massage fer a Digital Generation cidennne scnespansatnabwunden nti 
Corporate Massage .. +200 
Massage Chairs ......... +1202 
13: Cubicle Maneuvers: Self-Massage for the 
Self-Massage: The Basics .........c..ccssrsecsssssesssossecseessecsessonsesssoescssseeseonvenserececs 214 
Self-Massage Mini-Routine ..........ccccccscssssessesssesesssseeecseseeseecensnenssnanesecnseesees 214 
Massage your temples, face, amd jaw .........csssssessenssenensserssnseeneresees 216 
Massage your lower back .........s::ssssssssssesssecensessscsesterseessencncsseesscetess 219 
Part U: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body .........00...241 
Chapter 15: The Spa Lifestyle: Massage, Youth, and Beauty ......243 
XX'{{ Massage For Dummies 
Massage-O-Matic Specialty Stores ......ssssssssssssesrsensensnssenssnseensssssneseeases 253 
MasSage-O-MatiCs .....c.scsessssseressesessrsnssessensesesseseensensenssesstssenseensesesees 255 
Chapter 16: Higher, Faster, Stronger: Sports Massage ...........257 
When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Get a Massage «0... 257 
Good times to USE SPOFts MASSAGE .......ccescsseressssesereensseseerereseensees .258 
Where to find sports Massage .........sssessesseesrnecsesessesessensenseeeneaes .258 
Chapter 17: Taking It With You: Massage Onthe Go .............265 
One World, Many Massages .......ccsscsssssecsssssessesssesesnssnsesncsssnescessnsseassnssesnes .265 
Massage on the Road .........ssssssersssssscsersrensssnreesessssasensersesscessersrsteesseatseenees 267 
Massage tn Conchs tae: sescisccssscocssrsersesosenissceesinsceaoscoessetoneeneetonrserseseaventesen 268 
@ COACH-Class Self-MaSSage ........ccccessesessssesseeesesscesssesensesesensscerens 268 
Chapter 18: Massage for the Whole Family .....................271 
Why baby loves massage ......ccscscscsssssssssecsssesscessensesssnscesesesteseenseens 274 
Baby massage traiming .............sssssesssssersssesesensssnsessssssenssnessnseseseeneees .276 
PMS (Please Massage Som) ........cccsscsessssssesssenssesesssesesssnensstacanenees 279 
Chapter 19: The Lover's Touch: Massage and Intimacy ...........283 
Chapter 20: Have Hands, Will Travel: Doing Massage for a Living vor 
The ten traits of a born massage therapist ............:cssereenssesenees 292 
The Massage Adventure ...........cccccccsssssscesesssessnsssnsenseansenseaseenersseesenssereenees 293 
Where you can go as a massage therapist ........cssccsccesesereeerserssnrees 299 
Chapter 21: Ten Top Places to Study Massage ..................303 
Chapter 23: Ten Inventive Ways to Give Massage as a Gift .......315 
fags 24: Ten Massage Techniques That Your Dog or 
Chapter 25: Ten Quick and Easy Massage Techniques for 
xxl UY Massage For Dummies 
and refresh your soul. I’m of course talking about massage. 
me to value some of life's simple pleasures, like massage. 
art of a good massage, my mania isn’t confined to just when I’m 
traveling. I have a massage table in my home in Jumby Bay, 
Perhaps the best thing about massage is that absolutely everyone 
learn the secrets from one of the great masters of massage, Steve 
well-being, whether you're receiving your massage at a great 
Massage is truly one of the greatest gifts that is a delight to receive 
xxl Massage For Dummies 
F: those of us who've already discovered it, massage is just about the 
was 23 years old. That’s more than 16 years and well over 10,000 massages. 
I've trained other massage therapists around the world at resorts, in work- 
shops, and in massage schools, and I've written a few books on the subject. 
Yet another book about the beauties and wonders of massage strokes and 
The Massage Adventure 
transformed my own life into an ongoing, unfolding massage adventure and 
there's an even bigger, wilder world inside your own body and mind. Massage 
one’s time as a human being. Massage, in this sense, is more than a job. It's a 
Massage For Dummies 
feel this way, then they'd all be massage therapists like me, and there would 
this world is a living, breathing massage sponge. Take you, for example. Right 
tion to Massage For Dummies in free fall during a skydiving expedition (in 
“God” or the “Supreme Being” or the “Ultimate Massage Therapist” is touch- 
massage adventures. In fact, in the U.S. alone, approximately 28 million 
people have received a professional massage, and that number is growing 
quickly. Millions more have exchanged massages on a non-professional basis 
every city is turning into a day spa and offering massage to clients. You've 
probably seen massage on shows like Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous. It’s 
massage, and you have quite a few questions about how it works and what it 
massage while wearing a formal, ankle-length ball gown or a football uniform 
of certain massage techniques, but I’m not here to tell you what your style 
should be. I’m here to help you feel comfortable about including massage in 
In this book, you're going to find lots of ways to make massage a part of your 
traveled the world teaching other therapists and physicians about massage. 
effects of certain kinds of massage. The way he accomplished this was 
making this up) the effects of massage on pigs. I defer to Michel's clinical 
massage. Throughout your average, everyday paragraphs in this book, 
you need to know to change your life from a dull, drab, non-massage exis- 
tence into an exciting massage adventure. 
massage maneuvers and should therefore abstain. Certain people in particu- 
fact massage is the therapy of choice for many people with physical 
4 Massage For Dummies 
thinking about becoming a massage pro yourself. 
You think knowing how to give a good massage may be a neat way to get 
whole massage thing anyway?” 
giving a massage right away, in which case, you can zoom ahead to Part Ill. I 
approach massage are, after all, what make the biggest difference in terms of 
just about as much as you'd ever want to know about massage, unless of 
Part |: Discovering Massage for 
the massage techniques actually work, and where they came from in the first 
what's beneath it, for example, and what it is about massage that helps your 
words and, perhaps most importantly, finally find out what all those massage 
Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
like a blob and let someone else do all the work? That's correct. Massage, in 
enjoy the benefits and pleasures that await you with massage. I describe how 
sage for you and your body, choose a good massage ‘therapist, and start 
receiving massages just like the pros do, with all the trimmings like proper 
Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
sections of Part Ill as well. Make no mistake about it: To give a good massage 
mation about when and how not to massage people, including yourself. 
Part IV: Massage at Work 
you simple massage moves that you can apply to your own aching body right 
_ with a special kind of massage known as reflexology. (Don’t worry, I define 
fessional chair-massage right in the work place. You'll see what I mean. 
6 Massage For Dummies 
Massage for Every Body 
massage into your life. 
massage, including suggestions for great places to take massage classes, out- 
standing locations to receive incredible massages, quick massage tips to ease 
stress, ways to offer massage as a gift, and, for you pet lovers, massage tech- 
ropes of the massage world. To wit, you have your: 
The Massage Tale icon lets you know there's a real-life massage story from an 
prove how powerful an influence massage can be in your life. 
tributing various words of wisdom on the massage subject at hand, words 
The practice of massage is not without its potential dangers. For example, 
once, after receiving three massages in one day as part of my job interview- 
things you have to watch out for when practicing massage, and there are vari- 
ous reasons why you should not offer massage in certain circumstances 
massage-dance of life from the sidelines, I'm going to do my best to explain in 
necessity, I use some massage terminology that seems foreign or unnecessar- 
Massage, ultimately, is a way to share with others and to express yourself in a 
own massage adventure, you can contact me in care of IDG Books Worldwide, 
from massage, this may be a good time to flash forward to Part III. Give your- 
8 Massage For Dummies 
Massage for 
Yes, it’s true: The parallel universe of massage has existed 
for untold centuries. So, you might ask, if massage is so 
clue about the rich tradition that massage has to offer, and 
massage is kind of like learning geometry, or your ABCs. If 
the whole issue of massage, most of them based on ideas 
for the tremendous benefits massage can have for you, 
Whether you're already somewhat familiar with massage 
already know and enjoy the many benefits of massage. 
Not Just a Rub: How Massage 
> What makes massage work 
> Types of massage and how they help you 
Ui does massage really do for you anyway? Sure, it feels incredible to 
learning how to give a good massage yourself? Is massage really effective, or 
Well, being a massage junkie myself, | find it difficult to imagine why anybody 
would not want to get a massage, anytime, anyplace, for any reason at all or 
no reason at all. For me, massage has just always seemed like such an obvi- 
sation. “This is a massage technique that somebody taught me,” she said. 
] 2 Part |: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
This early experience pointed out a fundamental truth about massage ther- 
even give it a try. That truth: There is a difference between sex and massage 
body else, especially those people who have shied away from massage over 
I discovered, in that youthful, eye-opening experience, that massage does 
more than 20 years later, after studying massage and teaching massage and 
experiencing the myriad facets of massage both in the U.S. and in other coun- 
Gasic Genefits of Massage 
If | were to go into some of the stories about how massage has helped people 
everyday ways that massage can help you, some of which still may come as a 
massage that perhaps didn't pop straight into-your head the first time you 
thought about it. Massage... 
Chapter 1: Not Just a Rub: How Massage Can Improve Your Life ] 3 | 
including massage. , 
For example, one of the most direct effects of massage is to help loosen the 
Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
sion in a particular area, and the person receiving the massage can then 
d, Movement, muscular contraction, and massage therapy are the ways 
Chapter 1: Not Just a Rub: How Massage Can Improve Your Life 
There are other factors at play, too, in massage’s effectiveness as an immune 
fashioned health spas used to give for receiving massage: “It's good for the 
Students in massage school are taught to always massage in the direction 
] 6 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
traindication for massage, but I'm skipping ahead to Chapter 10 already. 
You have the idea: Some massage movements physically push the blood 
Massage also draws more blood to the surface of the body and into areas of 
lymph system), massage promotes quicker healing. 
Also, certain types of massage stretch and soften tissues in traumatized 
But beware: You definitely don’t want to rush straight in and massage your 
trained in bona-fide massage classes and know what you're doing. 
The skin is where massage has its most pronounced effects. In fact, I've 
devoted the whole of Chapter 3 to it. So let me just say here that massage 
other vital elements, especially when the massage is given with the aid of 
In this sense, massage helps the skin “breathe.” Just as our lungs breathe 
directions, too, and massage can help with that. 
Chapter 1: Not Just a Rub: How Massage Can Improve Your Life 
Massage, by offering a sustained, intentional, caring form of tactile stimula- 
searching for Mom, basically. And massage is the ultimate rag doll. 
reduce their levels of stress. Massage, by its very nature, induces a similar 
If you receive a massage and don’t relax, it’s the same thing as going to Tahiti 
you to relax while receiving a massage, just as no one can force you to enjoy 
| bs Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
way, massage can improve the appearance of even the most stubbornly unat- 
The Massage Menu 
There are literally hundreds of types of massage practiced around the world, 
This is not the section in which I'm going to explain each of those massage 
is explaining the generic types of massage, broken down into categories 
after dinner. It’s the same with the following categories of massage. Any par- 
ticular massage technique can be used to create various effects. 
Chapter 1: Not Just a Rub: How Massage Can Improve Your Life 
When you head into Chez Massage, you can order a-la-carte or request a pre- 
Relaxation massage 
into the world of massage before. It’s the type of massage you see on TV. For 
massage therapist in a European spa and rubs some information out of one 
and sliding. A trained massage therapist delivers quite a bit more effective- 
ness than Sean did, but in essence, the purpose of the relaxation massage is, 
Sports massage 
Just ask the world-class athletes who travel with their own personal massage 
therapists. They'll tell you what a difference a massage can make. Many 
not the only ones who use massage as part of their training. Even amateur 
Rehabilitative massage 
This type of massage helps the body repair itself. Many people have found 
20 Part |: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
to.the very provable value of massage therapy. 
doctors just like there are jerk massage 
of them are realizing the value of massage and 
including massage, which is the most popular 
Esthetic massage 
that therapeutic massage is part of the school's 
between therapeutic massage and something 
massage in a wholly different light. “What we 
to massage therapists. In fact, the word we use 
in France for massage therapist is kinesiother- 
massage therapist, physical therapist, and holis- 
plines: M.D.s, acupuncturists, massage 
We all want to look as good as we can, and massage can help. Through a com- 
bination of several of the benefits mentioned earlier in this chapter, massage 
Chapter 1: Not Just a Rub: How Massage Can Improve Your Life 
of efficacy. People include massage in their beauty regimen for its ability to 
Energy-balancing massage 
If massage were a map of the world, energy-balancing would be China. Yes, 
as all get-out. Many of the massage styles I go over in Chapter 5 are based on 
Massage for increased awareness 
conditions. We feel “stuck” in certain postures and can’t get out. A massage 
Spiritually oriented massage 
Depending on your frame of mind, any massage can be a spiritual experience, 
massage can be used in the following ways: 
people in a good massage leads you to quiet your mind and remember 
Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
Buddhist monks in Thailand, for example, often learn the art of massage 
Massage for emotional growth 
high degree of maturity. Several types of massage have been developed to 
Massage for sensual pleasure 
This type of massage can be performed by any two consenting adults who 
Massage for non-humans 
massage animals. As anyone who's ever scratched behind the ear of an 
been the lucky recipients of massage: 
> The development of massage therapy around the world 
> Massage in today’s world 
> Where massage is going 
who developed massage a couple thousand years ago, and then it’s sup- 
certain Swedish man who was the father of modern western massage. And 
massage books, the ones that treat the chronology of massage like the dry 
vibrant flesh-and-bones reality of a subject as physical as massage? 
Dramatic Moments in Massage History 
various important massage moments throughout history. Much of what fol- 
2 4 Part |: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
The Tao of massage 
still talk about massage, which is exactly what an early Chinese Taoist did 
massage, along with other herbs and remedies. 
massage: If you like-to massage naked Greek 
system of massage for the treatment of disease. Because it was one of the 
just how ancient and important this whole subject of massage is after all. 
credited with being the first to combine exercise with massage. He also 
Nobody massaged anybody else (or was even allowed to touch much) during 
chance to practice rudimentary massage techniques at the same time. 
massage therapist, and many of them suffered extreme deprivations. In fact, 
26 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
Hippocrates also spoke about massage move- 
massage for many conditions. 
believer in massage. Go figure. 
lives of these wretched medieval massage practitioners. Sadly, the original 
manuscript has been lost, and the true origins of Les Massagerables will for- 
sage, you'll receive one form or another of Swedish massage. And so, you may 
ask, why is it called Swedish massage? Here are some of the typical answers 
i People in Sweden were the only ones liberal enough to allow massage to 
The Swedish director Ingmar Bergman liked to receive massage after a 
Nobody knows why it’s called Swedish massage, but everyone agrees it 
sounds better than Lithuanian massage or Uruguayan massage. 
Actually, Swedish massage is named after a Swedish physiologist and fencing 
Medical Gymnastics that included the moves we now use in basic massage. He 
original system embraced massage is interesting because physical therapists in } 
the modern world have to a large degree ostracized massage from their reper- 
toire, and there is sometimes discord between them and massage therapists. 
Decline of massage in the 
Due to the infighting amongst massage practitioners, and the sudden, power- 
ful influence of technology in the medical world, massage faded from favor 
during the early and mid-1900s. Also, the earlier popularity of massage 
which was a big downfall for massage. Since the days of Hippocrates, and 
even further back into the ancient history of China and India, massage had 
Perhaps the discord in the massage'world can 
who were responsible for bringing massage to 
this day, with various massage innovators and 
and Abel-of the modern massage world. And, 
eventhough massage as a whole is a glorious 
appreciation for massage as a whole. 
2 8 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
Freud and massage 
analysis, used massage with his patients. Early 
massage-maneuvers primarily on their hands. 
Unfortunately, Freud left massage behind.as he 
gists are rediscovering the power of massage 
Throughout the mid-1900s, many massage therapists in the U.S. worked in a 
Arkansas, had massage facilities that were open on Sunday mornings espe- ‘ 
them by hardy massage practitioners. 
Hippies save massage from extinction 
Overall, things weren't going so well for massage in the United States. And 
wanted massage. Of course, on a worldwide level, massage in many areas still 
sagers instead of actual massages, for instance — and as technological 
vinyl discs called albums, and home made massage tables. 1 
massages and massage instruction, and just 
massage therapist. 
Massage Today 
Through the years, massage has had a serious, multiple-personality disorder, 
fingers during an Esalen style massage at a-spectacular seaside retreat? 
Massage is enjoying such a large renaissance right now, in fact, that at times 
the market may appear glutted with too many massage therapists. An alterna- 
employed massage therapists. The cartoon showed an out-of-work therapist 
standing at a corner holding up a sign: “Will massage for food.” 
next week to go seeking your own massage experiences? Well, you certainly 
30 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
massage therapists to choose from — somewhere between 30,000 and 50,000 
new massage therapists in the U.S. each year, for example. And France, which 
peut, their term for massage/physical therapist. These practitioners are 
people in France are used to receiving massage as part of their healthcare. 
we're getting anywhere near a critical mass of massage practitioners in the 
What you can expect in terms of massage in the year 2000 and beyond is an 
Starbuckizing of massage. 
massage in the midst of all these changes, somebody had to start some seri- { 
technologies, are receiving the age-old techniques of massage therapy. ’ 
keep massage alive and well after its decline in 
of the best massage teachers and researchers 
entire paradigm upon.which massage is built. 
massage has become away to increase aware- 
A massage pilgrimage to Esalen 
may wantto- make a trip to:this maSsage-mecca 
are a massage lover, making your owh massage 
to the massage area. (Esalen's Web: site is at 
sage. How can they get away with testing massage like that, you ask? How can 
don’t call it massage, but rather Tactile Kinesthetic Stimulation, which, trans- 
lated, means “massage that someone can receive a medical research grant 
HIV patients: Serotonin and killer T-cells increased due to the massage. 
Premature infants: Massaged infants gained weight more quickly and 
left the hospital an average of six days earlier than non-massaged 
i Depressed teenage mothers: Massage helped them gain self-confidence 
Andrew: Massage offered psychological reassurance that the world 
3 2 Part |: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
The Future of Massage 
have to become equally high-touch as well. Massage, of course, is one obvious 
continuing into the future as massage integrates more and more into soci- 
Diplomacy: Massage therapists already travel around the world as 
viduals will discover the value and relevance of massage. Every 
professional sports team, for example, will have massage therapists on 
general public become increasingly aware of massage through the 
for massage will continue to grow. Employers and insurance companies 
will be increasingly willing to pay for massage services, which will benefit 
i“ Increased sophistication: Massage techniques (some of which have 
> Understanding how massage affects the skin 
3 4 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
massage and other touch therapies, says, “Depending upon how you look at 
36 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness | 
wrong way.” And no wonder that a caring, calming massage can be so soothing. 
for giving a good massage. You don't have to think so much. Don’t speak. Just 
your fingers and your mind immediately prior to giving a massage. 
3 8 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
part of your body. This feature is quite convenient for giving massages, which | 
certain sensibility that is crucial for getting and giving good massages. ~ | 
Keep in mind that certain skin conditions make performing a massage inad- 
4 0 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
fibers, mending you back together. Massage can also affect these fibroblasts 
| was in my first massage therapy class, in 
wards, | thought this California massage 
primal type of “massage” that we can offer our 
4 2 Part |: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
place if more people received massage — 
Touching the Skin through Massage 
vinced that massage offers undeniable results. My co-author, Michel Van 
claims for the effectiveness of massage. Following are some of his findings: 
Scientific evidence points to the fact that massage can positively impact 
Pigs love massage. 
worked with a team of ace physicians administering a series of massage 
4 4 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness j 
massages with a device that strongly affects circulation. The FDA eventually 
This type of massage, called Endermologie®, stimulates fibroblasts, 
years, and in that country the physical therapists do an awful lot of massage. 
an average of 4,374 massages a year, most of them paid for by national insur- 
the movies, eating pizza, and so forth, but once you decide to massage some- 
4 6 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
To give a massage:that feels like a work of art, 
out to massage somebody is that the human body is a two-dimensional 
surface of a person's body as you give her a massage. The mysterious liquid 
peutic effects; but to give a good massage, one that makes people say “wow, 
part of massage training that I understood what's happening. 
getting ready to massage someone, and I'll remind you to “think 3-D" when 
4 § _ Parti: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
type of feeling-with-a-purpose is called palpation. Many professional massage 
people use palpation to determine what type of massage they are going to 
5 Q Parti: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
If you attend massage school yourself one day, you'll learn all kinds of intimi- 
familiarize you with the terrain you massage in future chapters. 
* 5 2 - Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness _. 
you practice hands-on massage, remember this and use your knowledge to 
says in Theory and Practice of Therapeutic Massage, “Muscles have anatomic 
5 4 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
tract — they learn. What you're holding in your hands when you massage 
feel much at all. Your muscles don't so much feel massage as they experience 
massage as it retrains them how to be more relaxed in stillness, and fluid in 
Muscles learn, and massage teaches. 
What often intimidates people when they’re first learning massage is the 
5 6 Part |: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
5 8 Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
and otherwise, when you move through the how-to massage chapters in Part Ill. 
it comes time to massage somebody. You also deal with a few other anatomi- 
they're important when you give or receive a massage. 
Massage strokes have a direct effect on the flow of blood in the veins, so keep 
in mind that when you massage someone, your strokes should always be in 
appearance of varicose veins and other problems. Massage works powerfully 
Massage also affects that other circulating fluid referred to in Chapter 1, the 
lymph. In fact, there is an entire system of massage called manual lymphatic 
parasympathetic nerves calm you down. Massage is a great way to stimulate 
piss them off. Massage can help soften the muscles and other soft tissue that 
blind, and by making you more aware of them, massage can help you “see” 
Part I: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
Descartes never-received a great massage from 
secrete hormones into your body. It’s been shown that massage stimulates 
known as “you.” Massage can beneficially stimulate this process if you're 
Part |: Discovering Massage for Greater Health and Happiness 
some:éxtra massage atthe same time may-aid. 
a starting point for some abdominal massage techniques. 
breathing and suffered serious side-effects, even death. Massage is an excel- 
Massage 
massage? That's like the art of getting rained on. You 
Receiving massage? Nothin’ to it. No problem. Child's play. 
Receiving massage is more like dancing your part in a 
receive a massage, you've got to communicate with your 
A good massage is a two-way street, equal parts proper 
Massage 101 and then graduate just three chapters later 
with the ability to receive a massage like a real pro. | 
massage, and get the scoop on all the massage gizmos you 
between various massage styles, discuss how to enjoy the 
pleasures of massage without guilt, and offer techniques 
A Massage Road Map 
> Choosing the right style of massage for you 
hen you first begin to discover massage, you'll undoubtedly 
the world of massage. Here you'll find out how to accept the pleasures of 
massage into your life and how to choose the type of massage that’s right for 
you. You'll even find an English-Massage dictionary at the end of the chapter 
that will help you speak the language of massage with other people. 
To paraphrase Forrest Gump, sometimes massage is like a box of 
Many people just can’t seem to understand that massage is anything more 
And therefore they pass when it comes to massage. Some people raise their 
the experience, calling it expensive and extravagant, as if massage were too 
66 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
pleasure to be-healthy, and receiving massage 
of massage as pleasurable medicine, you will be 
massage is actually much better for you than chocolate. In fact, it has all of 
a single thing wrong with massage. 
Massage... 
Well okay, massage does have one catch. Make no mistake about it, once you 
taste good massage, you're going to want more — lots more. Like chocolate, 
massage can be addictive. But that’s not necessarily a bad thing. You can 
receive a massage every day for the rest of your life with absolutely no nega- 
Chapter 5: A Massage Road Map 6 7 
In fact, beloved entertainer, Bob Hope, has received a massage almost every 
day of his life for over fifty years. He’s dragged a number of massage thera- 
making his movies. I had the opportunity to massage him once myself. At the 
time, he was 87 years old, but because of all the massage he'd received over 
Of course, you may not have the time or money for a massage every day like 
The one thing about massage that you really can’t avoid is the fact that you 
ing a massage. Touch another human? Yuck! 
that may be holding you back from experiencing massage. The following 
4, My natural inclination is to massage animals (at least ones that don’t 
6 8 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
and massage are something easy for you to accept in your life. If you scored a 
massage is probably a part of your life already. If you scored in the 20s or 30s, 
ing of your muscles, just to show yourself that massage involves more 
Chapter 5: A Massage Road Map 69 
give him or her a five minute mini-massage. Don’t worry about doing it 
So Little Time, So Many Massages 
massage; you pick up the phone, call a massage school or clinic in your area, 
“Yes. Massage.” 
the sports massage, the deep tissue, the Hellerwork, the Aston repatterning, 
the Thai massage, or the neuromuscular session?” 
quietly back into your non-massage lifestyle before you even begin. 
available and end up not receiving any kind of massage at all. 
Be forewarned, this section is just an overview of the types of massage avail- 
upon the three main reasons that people decide to get a massage: 
70 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
to lower your overall stress level. The three components of massage dovetail 
The spiritual aspect of massage is a fourth component, a wild card that can 
pop up unannounced during any type of massage. This spiritual aspect is the 
way that you can use massage to attune to your own inner experience and 
and become familiar with some of the massage styles associated with each. 
Massage for relaxation 
to get a massage. You don’t need any more justification than that. 
If you're interested in relaxing massage, ask for the following: 
Swedish massage: What most people envision when they think “mas- 
intrusive, gentle massage. See the section “Remodeling your body for fun 
and profit” later in this chapter for information about deeper massage 
Chapter 5: A Massage Road Map 
massage to help relieve:jet lag.after a‘long trip. 
massage therapists on staff, a native Hawaiian 
lomi massage. 
Skillful; relaxation massage :can take-you-way- 
Relaxation massage: Another generic term for nice-and-easy massage, 
relaxation massage usually refers to a light form of Swedish massage. 
 Esalen massage: Developed at the famous Esalen Institute in Big Sur, 
California, this massage features many long, flowing, gentle strokes. 
Plenty of massage styles leave you relaxed, but the Swedish style is the one 
you're most likely to run into. Swedish massage is kind of like the Visa or 
MasterCard of massage, accepted at millions of establishments around the 
Swedish massage. 
Communicate! Even if you're just trading massage with a friend, you have to 
72 _ Parti: The Art of Receiving Massage 
Re massage 
Many people visit their massage therapist for the same reason they visit their 
doctor — to fix something that’s painful. This type of massage is called reme- 
dial massage, because it's used as a remedy. Several types of massage, 
including good-old, relaxing Swedish massage, can have definite remedial 
belonging to the “massage apothecary.” 
of massage. 
If you're interested in remedial massage, ask for the following: 
i“ Manual lymphatic drainage: This type of massage helps your body : 
the flow of lymph in your body. It’s a very gentle massage that features j 
4 —_— ing energies, isn't really a massage at all because the therapist’s hands 
} Neuromuscular therapy: This type of massage works on tight muscles 
4  Cranio-sacral: This type of massage adjusts the healthy functioning of 
Hh Deep tissue massage: This generic term refers to any number of thera- 
Shiatsu: This massage involves pressure point therapy — to balance the 
Shiatsu is the most well-known of several types of massage that work on 
ing health and balance, as are other types of massage that work on these 
massage therapist who treated the young man for several months using neu- 
man who has now decided to become a massage therapist himself in order to 
Chapter 5: A Massage Road Map 73 
Several types of massage have developed over the years that focus on 
often refer to this type of massage as structural bodywork, You only want to 
massage therapist will always keep your comfort foremost in mind. 
If you're interested in structural massage, ask for the following: 
massage was invented by Ida Rolf. 
 Hellerwork: A unique development of Rolfing, this type of massage was 
| 1 Aston patterning: This type of massage is a combination of touch tech- 
Myofascial release: This type of massage is a combination of techniques 
Massage has its own lingo, much of which can be somewhat confusing at 
first. Massage lingo can also be intimidating, for two main reasons: 
i Some massage terminology has origins in the medical field and can 
Truthfully, though, no insider’s massage clique is sitting around in cashmere 
knowing what the word “acupressure” means. Most of the massage words 
74 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
Massage is all about making you feel comfortable in your own skin, and the 
what you really want to do when you get a massage — relax and feel better. 
massage clinic and requests “a bit of cranio-sacral for this headache I've had 
the other hand, perhaps this massage mumbo-jumbo seems completely 
massage therapists (and those who receive massage) commonly employ is 
This section is a primer on massage lingo to help familiarize you with the 
Contact a massage professional to inquire about rates, services, and so on 
Visit a massage clinic 
Attempt to explain massage to a friend 
Ask people to recommend a massage therapist or style for you 
Table 5-1 lists several specialized massage words and phrases that at first 
deceived. These words, when used in regards to massage, are highly specific 
Table 5-1 Massage-English, English-Massage Dictionary 
Word Non-massage definition Massage definition 
Rolfed Past-tense of “tothrowup § Deep massage work on 
Bodyworker Mechanic specializing in A practitioner of massage 
Chapter 5: A Massage Road Map 
Massage that works on 
receive massages and spa 
massage to balance the 
massage in the Western 
to massage 
A type of massage that 
Type of massage that 
Word Non-massage definition . 
On-site massage 
Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
Massage given at 
Massage definition 
Massage can help sepa- 
receiving a massage 
sues that massage often 
massage given in special 
Chapter 5: A Massage Road Map 
massage. A big, burly; bodybuilder of @ man 
massage, and even the word “massage” itself. 
The words for someone who performs massage 
massage. 
“massage therapist" for males. and females 
78 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
> Locating a massage therapist 
> Developing a relationship with your massage therapist 
ou’re no doubt absolutely convinced that massage would make a truly 
this whole, wonderfully abstract concept of massage has become disconcert- 
benefits of massage, if that professional stranger were to ring your doorbell 
you already know, with whom sharing massage will be a new adventure. 
you a massage is nof a stranger. You can accomplish this goal in two ways: 
8 0 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
massage school so you can call him later and make an appointment. 
you should entirely dismiss the concept of financing massage school for 
friends or family members. The world needs more massage therapists! If you 
happen to be extremely wealthy, do the world a favor and set up a massage- 
before deciding which massage therapist to try) 
mended-a massage therapist may come toyou, 
massage therapist for you. Remember, you're 
this person (massage therapists are liké hair 
fiding-in factor). And, becausé@ your massage 
-have no precise way.to gauge which massage 
you will:probably look upon your massage 
category. A tense, uptight massage therapist 
whether to receive massage from a male or 
female massage therapist is entirély up to 
‘long-as the massage therapist is competent 
with one sex than the other in a massage 
setting. Most massage establishments will 
actual massage, you'll probably find that the 
massage therapist's:gender doesn't really 
professional massage establishment rather than inviting someone unknown 
prised at how many people can potentially help you find a massage therapist. 
First, you probably should NOT ask certain people to refer a massage thera- 
Certain physicians who are not aware of the benefits of massage and 
who may think that all massage therapists are “quacks.” 
Your Aunt Gertrude who had a massage once on a cruise and now con- 
i“ The contact numbers at major massage associations and accrediting 
Massage Therapist” later in this chapter). 
Enlightened physicians who are aware of the benefits of massage and 
fact, many doctors these days have a massage therapist or two on staff. 
Athlete friends who receive massage as part of their training. 
with the massage therapist she’s been using for an extended period of 
8 4 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
qualified massage therapists in the U.S. right at your fingertips. 
To find a massage therapist who is a member of the oldest nationwide 
‘organization, the American Massage Therapy Association (AMTA), call toll 
free, 888-843-2682, for their Find-A-Massage-Therapist™ Location Service. 
To find the nearest member of Associated Bodywork and Massage 
To find a member massage therapist of the International Massage 
For a list of massage therapists who have taken the test given by the 
National Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage and Bodywork 
Of course, among those 80,000+ massage therapists, you're going to find 
lucky time, oh fortunate massage recipient, because in the past several years 
the number of highly skilled and fully trained massage pros has grown at an 
Following is a list of contact numbers for professional massage practitioners 
Australia: Massage Australia, Sydney, tel. (02) 4757 3050 
Locating a Massage Therapist 
If for some reason you can't locate a massage therapist by simply calling one 
quest of massage. 
Each locale has its own regulations regarding the advertising of massage, and 
Beware those ads featuring massage therapists with huge muscles, wearing 
this particular massage therapist, licensed or not. Then again, it could be a 
In some areas, massage therapists must include an official massage license 
number as part of any Yellow Pages listing for massage. According to Dan 
Ulrich, past president of the Florida State Massage Therapy Association, the 
reduced the amount of unethical massage advertising. Although the license 
You may occasionally run into ads for massage service bureaus that guaran- 
tee you a massage within a specified period of time (usually within a couple 
of the many independent massage therapists on their list out to you at your 
entrepreneurial massage therapists who have discovered a new way to multi- 
services offered can be a little iffy, because all the massage therapists aren’t 
other means of contacting a massage therapist. 
8 4 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
Getting the most massage for your money 
When dealing with your massage therapist, cer- 
of massages: For example, if the massage. 
therapist charges $50-for a massage, offer 
$400 dollars for 10:massages. Often, mas- 
Ask for a massage in exchange for refer- 
ring a new client to your massage 
Inquire about rates for longer massage ses- 
with the length of the massage, and you can 
receive a 90- minute massage for not too 
much more-than a 60- minute massage. A. 
massage therapist who. charges $50-for.an 
hour massage may Offer an hour and a half 
massage for $65 or $70, for example. 
Wherever you are, one excellent way to get in touch with a massage practitioner 
is to call a massage school in your area. There are more schools around than 
tional schools” or “schools, massage therapy.” The schools often have a list of 
massage clinic. In this setup, the students receive part of their training by 
working on real massage customers, under supervision, of course. Student 
massages go for only fraction of the normal cost, usually only X to ’ the going 
rate of a professional massage in the area. More often than not, the students 
of the best bargains in massage. 
the massage, for training purposes. Also, the student clinics usually take 
place in a big room with curtains separating the massage tables. Quite often, 
getting a massage, the student clinic is probably not for you. Also, if you have 
a specific health problem that you'd like to address with massage, it’s best to 
massages are usually as effective as more expensive professional massages 
Pampering Vour Massage Therapist 
After you choose a massage therapist and begin to develop a working rela- 
Some massage therapists work barefoot, even in the winter, for example. 
Others hold a giant quartz crystal over your body before the massage. And 
some tape a bunch of magnets under their massage table to “align your 
energy” while they work on you. Try not to take your massage therapist's 
massage therapist know what you're comfortable and what you're not 
As a general rule, massage therapists are a finicky and extremely sensitive 
at scratching behind the ears of your massage therapist's self-image, you can 
directly with your massage therapist: 
your massage therapist is applying a little too much pressure in a partic- 
Always, always, always praise the massage your therapist just gave you 
eighty-ninth massage you've received from her: The immediate gratifi- 
massage therapist, every massage is a type of performance. 
for exactly which services: Pricing of massage services may be a sensitive 
¢ Is the charge for an hour and fifteen minute massage higher than 
that for an hour massage? 
* Does the massage therapist have a cancellation policy? 
* Does your massage therapist reimburse insurance claims? 
86 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
Being a wise consumer, when you head out looking for a massage pro to rub 
she licensed? The problem here is that not all good, professional massage 
require licensing for massage. Some states require no license at all, and in 
Internationally, licensing rules for massage therapists vary widely from coun- 
regulation, while in other countries, like France, massage therapists are part 
ommend massage. Also, you can read through Chapter 17 for some more 
The rules concerning massage licensing are too complex and changeable to 
Monica, California, where I first started working as a massage therapist, the 
actual laws on the books stated that nobody could open a massage clinic 
If you want information about how massage practitioners are licensed in your 
massage school to see what kind of education and certification is normal for 
of any individual massage therapist is to ask the therapist. I know, this strat- 
mining who to choose as your massage therapist. 
Some massage therapists think that réquiring _ control or regulation. They often live in cabins in 
licensing for massage is almost sinful, because rugged-individualist states such as Vermont, 
that licensing massage is like licensing a painter absolutely nothing to do with massage, is the 
If a massage therapist has graduated from a bona-fide massage school, he has 
of a massage therapist's dedication to his craft, especially in those areas 
Another type of certification is awarded to those massage therapists who 
Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage and Bodywork (NCBTMB). This 
av Remember, in massage, just as in a marriage, it’s not the actual piece of 
to the success of the relationship. A fancy, gold-embossed massage license 
given massage therapist’s technique. And, on the other hand, someone with 
no certificate or license at all may be one of the most highly skilled massage 
8 8 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
The Rules for Receiving Massage 
> Following guidelines for receiving a massage 
The result? Most people take their bodies for granted. One of massage’s main 
objectives is to get you back “into” your body again. A good massage should 
In order for massage to help you achieve the lofty goal of getting back in 
of a massage, you're going to get much more out of the experience. 
that doing so is appropriate during your own massage exchanges, and watch 
your enjoyment of massage soar to levels beyond your expectations. 
90 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
The rules for receiving massage are, in fact, quite similar to the Ancient 
Honing your skills at receiving massage is more than simply a way to feel 
When you receive a massage from a professional, she may remind you sev- 
Don’t be offended. The massage therapist's comments aren't meant to imply 
poor breathing skills. In fact, many massage therapists start each and every 
massage with a series of deep breaths, regardless of how obviously alive you 
A massage therapist may tell you to take deep breaths during a massage for 
While receiving a massage, focus your mind as fully as possible upon the 
Chapter 7: The Rules for Receiving Massage 
92 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
practicing deep breathing during massage, you can literally rejuvenate your 
The key to breathing properly while getting a massage is to take whole 
As you probably know, one of the main points of getting a massage Is to relax. 
Logically, you may then think that you can just give your body to a massage 
Chapter 7: The Rules for Receiving Massage 93 
After you receive several massages, you'll grad- 
massage, like when you're waiting in line at the 
way that your massage therapist helps you do 
during a massage. You can take this side bene- 
fit of massage with you wherever you go. 
Expecting a massage therapist to do all your body’s relaxing is called giving 
responsibility; the massage therapist can help you, but you basically have to 
your own body. During the massage, your massage therapist often reminds 
you're missing more than half the benefits and effects of the massage. 
When you receive a massage, especially the first time, you may have a ten- 
ally hindering the massage process and making your massage therapist's job 
The technical term for this tendency during massage is hanging on, and you 
9g 4 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
dency, but to get the most out ofa massage, you 
you recéive-a massage. 
joints while you're getting a massage, you'd discover some specialized nerve 
the relaxation because it’s unconscious. Massage, conversely, allows people 
Chapter 7: The Rules for Receiving Massage 
Then one day she received a massage from a woman at Gurney’s Inn, a spa in 
Montauk, New York. After that massage, the pain was almost entirely gone, 
during most of your daily activities, but when it comes to getting a massage, 
Many people get a massage and then ten minutes later can barely remember 
massage. 
When you're getting a massage, don't think about what you should have done 
the day before or what you plan to do an hour later. A massage is time to Be 
massage is a potential meditation. Don’t get me wrong: relaxing and joking 
around during a massage is perfectly okay, too, but most people, at least 
once in a while, can benefit from a massage meditation. (See the sidebar, “A 
massage meditation,” later in this chapter.) 
You may have heard of the massage-masochists who don't believe they’re 
receiving.a real massage unless they have to grit their teeth to keep from 
from behind massage room doors, “More pressure! More pressure!” 
This green-beret school of massage is an unfortunate result of the “no-pain, 
from getting a massage. 
96 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
A massage meditation 
prayer, for example — and massage is yet 
massage, try this meditation... 
massage, spend several minutes trying:to 
2. When your massage therapist first makes 
the massage therapist is touching. 
well, and the massage becomes a shared 
5. Communicate with your massage therapist, 
you-can create a special massage mood 
ence, making the massage more like a 
massage. 
"-Massage, thatyour mind has wandered off 
So, how much pain should you experience during a massage? In my opinion, 
during massage and a certain kind of therapeutic pain. Some people like to 
walk that line while they're getting a massage. If you want to experiment walk- 
yourself. Harder massage is not always better massage, and at times the light- 
Chapter 7: The Rules for Receiving Massage g 7 
Don't be surprised if during a massage one day you suddenly, for no reason 
at all, feel like crying your eyes out, or laughing hysterically. Massage some- 
ences — can resurface when your body is massaged. 
ble. In fact, certain types of massage are famous for stirring up emotions. 
for this emotional component of massage is straightforward — your body 
av If you encounter one of these emotional peaks yourself during a massage, 
them. Professional massage therapists are accustomed to this type of emo- 
QS _ Partit: The Art of Receiving Massage 
Sometimes, massage doesn't just make you feel great; it makes you feel ecsta- 
entire lives and heading into a career as a massage therapist. And people 
ful experience receiving a massage that he went on to become a massage 
Zach had to practice massage privately. Eventually, though, he took his skills 
and his compassionate touch out to the public, performing massage for dying 
The spiritual secret behind massage? Simple., What massage really boils down 
Think of it this way — massage is one sure-fire way to follow the Golden Rule 
Massage is compassion turned into action. 
Chapter 7: The Rules for Receiving Massage 99 
massage situations is to respect the attitudes of both people at all times. If 
either the person receiving or giving the massage is uncomfortable with any 
ered skin, massage has other moves besides gliding, and you can give a very 
good massage to a fully clothed person (I show you how in Chapter 11). 
Remember this message: When you receive a massage, you're okay the way 
Even though you're lying down with your eyes closed during most massages, 
you're feeling, even ending the massage at any time, for any reason you want. 
Of course, when you're receiving a massage from a professional massage 
quiet down and focus on the massage rather than conversation, for example, 
person knows more about massage than you, is older than you, or has a 
] 00 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
During the massage itself, spend some time being grateful for what you're 
| + Wondering when the massage is going to end 
Plotting the next time you can get a massage 
gave you the massage, being especially vocal about her fantastic skills and 
techniques. That way, she'll look forward to giving you your next massage as 
Your First Massage 
> Where to go to get a massage 
their first professional massage is a fear of the unknown. Let's face it: If 
as your first day at kindergarten. That's scary. Getting your first massage is 
In order to get the most out of your massage, you have to do a little more 
When you schedule your massage, keep these points in mind: 
102 Partit: The Art of Receiving Massage 
Don't eat a large meal within a couple hours before starting the massage. 
Refrain from consuming alcohol before your massage (unless it's a sen- 
sual massage and you're sharing a bottle of bubbly with that special 
alert and responsive because massage is a two-way dance and you need 
Make sure to schedule enough time before and after your massage so 
Hurrying tends to counteract the relaxing effects of the massage itself. 
Turn off pagers and cellular phones during the massage. This probably 
rings have interrupted many tranquil, soothing massages. 
No particular time of day is best to receive a massage, but most people have 
the benefits throughout the day, and others like a massage right before going 
advance so you get the time you prefer. Many massage therapists are busy, 
When you arrive at your massage destination, especially for the first time, 
massage you. So it helps, of course, if you speak the same language as that 
what the massage therapist intends to give, you're headed for trouble. 
stress, but what the massage therapist intends on giving you is a session of 
Chapter 8: Your First Massage Appointment — Step-by-Step 
When you finally meet your massage therapist for the first time, there may be 
fill out, like the actual massage therapist's intake form. “Why do I have to fill 
out these medical forms if all I want is a simple massage?” you may ask. Well, 
it’s for your own good. Massage affects the entire body, and it’s best if your 
massage therapist knows as much as possible about your health history. If a 
massage therapist doesn't ask you to fill out a form, however, it doesn’t mean 
Another type of communication you share with your massage therapist is 
both nonverbal and non-written — body language. Your massage therapist, 
anxiety at the prospect of getting your first massage. Just kidding! Actually, as 
you may imagine, massage therapists become very adept at making their 
In most massage situations, after you arrive and go through your communica- 
getting a “real” massage. The way it works is like this: 
1. The massage therapist explains how you're supposed to get up on-the 
massage table, pointing out where your head should be, and whether 
by “most people” who all so bravely get naked for their massages. It’s up 
2. After the massage therapist is out of the room, remember to take your 
1 0G Partit: The Art of Receiving Massage 
4. The massage therapist knocks and asks if it’s okay to enter again. When 
strain or lack of support in any area of your body, just let the massage 
6. After everything's set, your massage therapist uncovers just the area that 
she is going to work on. If she plans to massage your neck, she pulls the 
sheet down to the top of your chest. Massage therapists always leave 
Sometimes no matter how hard you try, all these massage rules go out the 
and let her get undressed. Then, full of confidence, she strode to the massage 
lem before!” Then she proceeded to push a chair up next to the massage 
Chapter 8: Your First Massage Appointment — Step-by-Step 7 ()5 
As a massage therapist in spas, on many occa- 
sions I've entered the massage room to begin a 
massage only to find-my client lying there, face 
armholes, the massage therapist has to drape.a 
on yourself. Don’t wear yourself out before the massage by wrestling with 
massage therapist to leave the room again to give you another chance. Then 
massage, make sure not to lie down directly upon the knotted part so you 
The very first moment of contact between you and the massage therapist can 
tell you an awful lot about how the rest of the massage is going to feel. Each 
massage therapist has a “personality” in her hands that you quickly get to know. 
When the massage therapist is closely attuned to you and your body, this 
106  Partit: The Art of Receiving Massage 
During the massage 
During the massage, your massage therapist continues to keep you covered 
Massage therapists are experts at this technique, called draping, and they 
you supposed to actually DO while you're getting a massage? That's the 
that getting a massage is just plain boring and that's why they decide not to 
Okay, so getting a massage is not exactly the same as bungee jumping from a 
deal in a corporate boardroom. But if you let it, massage can become com- 
happens happen. You're not supposed to do anything. Your massage thera- 
massage as a trip to the beach. You're supposed to just lie there and do 
“But what if I fall asleep?” you gasp. “Wouldn't that insult the massage thera- 
pist?” Not at all. In fact, some massage therapists take it as a compliment that 
the massage process is just as valuable as the massage therapist's input, so 
it's better if you stay awake. And, if you snooze through a massage, you may 
try this: Talk to the massage therapist about things that matter, like your 
health. Most massage people are pretty well versed in the art of taking-care- 
Chapter 8: Your First Massage Appointment — Step-by-Step ] 0 7 
during a massage anyway? Pressure refers to 
how hard or soft the massage feels, how painful 
or soothing. Usually, your massage therapist has 
It's silly to suffer through a massage that's too 
sure level to your massage therapist: 
most massage takes place. You can defi- 
the massage is having some definite physi- 
massage therapist is not trying to kill you. 
in a massage therapist. 
10 Profoundly deep massage. This level 
ing, try not to take it personally. Nobody is out to ruin your massage 
giving you the massage. 
Keep communicating. When appropriate during the massage, give feedback 
to your massage therapist. Words spoken about the massage help keep you 
focused on the massage. If at any point you want the massage therapist to 
108  Partit: the Art of Receiving Massage 
H ~—s strong emotiom begins to surface during your massage. 
Beware of the massage therapist who claims she can only perform “deep” 
hurry. In fact, most massage therapists suggest that you just lay there and 
absorb the effects of the massage and the relaxation for a few minutes before 
There is a special way to get yourself off a massage table that helps you keep 
When you first step on the floor again, exercise caution because massage oil 
Chapter 8: Your First Massage Appointment — Step-by-Step 
may want to take one if you're going out later. If the massage therapist used 
Before you leave, take the massage therapist’s business card, and consider 
perhaps you should tip the person who just gave you the massage. Is it 
It depends upon where you received the massage. Was it a spa? Then a tip is 
you receive the massage at home? Then a tip is definitely appreciated, as the 
massage therapist went out of her way to provide the service. 
170 Partit: The Art of Receiving Massage 
fear.andléathing about massage:somewhere iin. 
Sion as a student at theMassage School. of 
world: of massage therapy, these feelings of | 
household:where:massage:was as:commonas 
‘Téady.to climb up on a'massage table andsimply 
Plunge:in-and.get that massage. Afterwards,.if 
Some massage therapists feel tipping for a massage is inappropriate. They 
standing with the massage therapist. If you're at all uncertain, simply ask, “Is 
in the $5-$10 range, more if the massage therapist is working late, went far 
to tip for massage. It’s not like tipping a waiter, who's making the bulk of his 
income through gratuities. Massage therapists are usually pretty well paid for 
Where to Go to Get Massaged 
sional massage, ranging from right in your own bedroom all the way up to 
ment and what you can expect when you receive a massage there. That’s 
Chapter 8: Your First Massage Appointment — Step-by-Step ] ] ] 
Getting a professional massage in your own home is great. In fact, some 
people think it’s the créme de la créme of massage experiences. You don’t 
couch. The massage therapist leaves, and you float off on a wave of bliss in 
However, there are some downsides to the in-home massage visit. For one 
Every detail is there to remind you of your pre and post-massage existence, 
count on them wanting to crawl up on the massage table with you and “help” 
the nice massage person do her job. This is very endearing of the little tykes, 
Only sign up for an in-home massage if you're comfortable with other people 
The massage therapist’s home 
Many massage therapists have a space set up in their own homes for giving 
massage. This can range from a dinky little corner in one end of the living 
“personalized” feeling of visiting a massage therapist in her home, where you 
massage therapist's home may not be the best choice of location for you. 
whether or not the massage therapist has pets. If you're allergic to cats, and 
the massage therapist's house is a veritable kitty kennel, you may break out 
in a rash and not enjoy the massage at all. 
A good massage therapist should put the rest of her life on hold while you're 
] 72 Parti: The Art of Receiving Massage 
Some of the most beautiful massage environments in the world can be found 
should keep in mind when signing up for a massage in one: 
Massage therapists in spas only keep a (usually small) percentage of the 
4 “ Massage Therapists in spas are “on the clock,” and you're likely to get a 
massage that is exactly 50 minutes long, so she has time to prepare the 
room for the next client. It's a rare massage therapist who can still give 
H Often, the style of massage given in spas is dictated by a lowest- 
common-denominator mentality, and massage therapists are not allowed 
receive an incredible massage in a spa. Some of the best massage therapists 
work in them. Also, if you end up finding a massage therapist you really like, 
may mean a better deal for her and a better massage for you. Be diplomatic 
when doing this though, as many spas have a policy against their massage 
Cruise ships are fun places to get massages, if you don’t mind rocking back 
spa, and you can visit for a half-hour or an hour of massage as easily as visit- 
ing the midnight buffet. A massage during your cruise may add to the exotic 
Chapter 8: Your First Massage Appointment — Step-by-Step 
i Because floor space and portholes are at a premium on ships, massage 
light. If you’re used to ample luxurious massage spaces, you may feel a 
i“ Even more so than in spas on land, shipboard massage therapists are 
part of a massage assembly line, and sometimes the massages are lim- 
ited to half an hour. It's rough to coax the best from your massage 
thinking about getting a massage during your cruise because the best 
Many hotels have their own spas, so all you have to do to book a massage is 
massage therapist's fee for themselves, and they have a stable of ever-ready 
massage therapists at hand who allow them to do that. So, the quality is not 
massages go. They're impersonal, they're cramped, and they often have that 
to go for your massage, and only a concierge to put your trust in, do what 
seasoned massage recipients the world over have done for years: enjoy it 
anyway. (See Chapter 17 for more info about hotel massages.) 
Health clubs are becoming better places to receive massages. In the past, you 
well-trained massage therapist, available for massage. Depending upon the 
place, some of these clubs offer massage therapists a good percentage of the 
] | 4 Part Il: The Art of Receiving Massage 
find some motivated individuals. The massage is often high-quality, especially 
receive your massage immediately after a strenuous workout and a limb-loos- 
Many massage therapists open up their own clinics. The setup is similar to 
of the massage therapist, a massage treatment room can range from white- 
One specialty in this area is known as the sports massage clinic. The massage 
to this type of no-nonsense massage clinic may feel more like a hospital visit 
Student massage clinics 
«a? Because of the wide disparity between massage therapists and the environ- 
friend, before you sign up for your first massage there. That way you can 
the massage room is directly adjacent to a bank of two dozen noisy hair- 
Massage 
a really dont think a sila neck massage 
This is especially true for massage. Sure, you can rub 
what massage is all about. 
Massage is about cultivating the right attitude — the 
vers, which any massage text can teach you. 
discover how to actually give a massage, too! And as 
Massage Moods: Getting the 
giving ME a massage? Right now!” 
Yes, oh intelligent massage student, you've once again chosen correctly. The 
little time to set up a special environment or “massage mood” before you 
begin the actual massage. And, even if you're in a less-than-ideal environ- 
ment, don’t worry. You can materialize a magical massage mood just about 
One of the big secrets to giving a good massage has very little to do with the 
massage itself. It has to do, rather, with where the massage is happening. And 
178  Partili: The Art of Giving Massage 
Massage, of course, relies heavily upon the senses for its effects. Your sense 
receiving a massage. But it would be a mistake to neglect the other senses; 
they can add greatly to your massage experience, too. 
The sense of taste doesn’t usually play a big part in massage, unless of 
course you like to use edible massage oils like strawberry, almond, and mint 
chaptér. Check out Chapter 19 for more information on sensual massage, 
into play during a massage experience, also known as the 3 S's of your inner 
Professional massage therapists often coach their clients through some deep- 
breathing techniques as part of the massage. And, as you may suspect, all 
why massage pros have so much concern about the way that their work- 
Chapter 9: Massage Moods: Getting the Setting Right 7 ] g 
massage, you can utilize aromatherapy in several ways. In Chapter 11, you 
find out how to mix up an aromatherapy massage oil, but for now let’s focus 
on three other aromatherapy tips that can help you scent your massage 
worked right into the wax, and burning one during a massage is a great 
7 20 Partlll: The Art of Giving Massage 
An altar to the massage gods 
about it, it makes sense. A massage can be a 
So what should be on a massage altar, you ask? 
Nothing beats the scent of fresh flowers in your massage area. You don’t need 
other massage surface to set the mood. Cleopatra had her love chamber 
It may sound funny to focus on the sights of a massage space because, after 
all, the person receiving the massage will probably have her eyes closed 
Candles: Candles cast an enchanting glow over any massage experience, 
Chapter 9: Massage Moods: Getting the Setting Right ] 2 | 
massage area shows this is someplace special. 
space massage-friendly. 
end concentrate more on the massage, perhaps because she won't 
ing during a massage. 
Carefully selected sounds serve two main purposes during a massage: 
massage, and you may find that some massage pros carry an entire arsenal of 
mood for a massage. 
are a tad overpriced, they definitely add a lot to the ambience of a massage. If 
722 Partill: The Art of Giving Massage 
before receiving a massage with a waterfall nearby. 
massage rooms from a central sound system, putting the guests in the right 
One massage manufacturing company built stereo speakers right into the 
bed of a massage table so that when you lie down on it, the music literally 
est way for you to include the element of sound in your massage. 
An entire industry has sprung up to provide music appropriate for massage. If 
you want to experience some of the most popular massage music, try putting 
one of the following tapes or CDs on the next time you exchange a massage: 
Don’t get the wrong idea here, though. Massage music doesn't necessarily 
choices, and sometimes the best massages are given to the most unlikely 
accompaniment. See the sidebar “Reggae massage.” 
Chapter 9: Massage Moods: Getting the Setting Right 7] 23 
‘One day when'! was in charge of the massage 
the 24 massage rooms. Heading to-the sound 
massage rooms were filled with customers who 
me on the subject of massage. music. It doesn't 
As a final note about music, remember that the person receiving the massage 
insisted on receiving his massages to the accompaniment of the local rock & 
client reported feeling quite comfortable, and he loved his massage. I wouldn't 
fancy expensive massage table or a special peaceful room in your house in 
order to give a good massage. 
12 4 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
You can comfortably give massages in any room, including living rooms, bed- 
ing where to give a massage: 
ing the massage desires. If possible, choose a room where you can close 
~ Intentions: It may be a good idea to avoid giving massage in a bedroom 
When someone's receiving a massage, she wants to pretend that she’s on a 
princess, the center of attention, and the person giving the massage is 
in real life, she’s receiving her massage on the couch in your den, with The 
possible to take a trip to Fiji to give your massage, you can avoid some of the 
Try to schedule the massage for a time when there are few interruptions. 
Chapter 9: Massage Moods: Getting the Setting Right 
The “massage mood” 
less-than-ideal situation to give massage, with distractions abounding, no 
important aspect of that inner chamber, the “massage mood.” 
When you first lay your hands upon someone else to give them a massage, 
following four personas as you begin a massage — saint, doctor, mother, 
Part of giving a good massage is having some simple compassion for the 
when you massage them, crossing the barriers of separation, sending the 
Jeanne's sciatica with your massage techniques. However, it helps to think in 
massage, imagine your hands filled with healing energy, communicating the 
You can aim that same kind of unconditional love toward your massage part- 
126  Partilt: The Art of Giving Massage 
Boyte, a nurse, and-me, a massage therapist. 
“He says.he wants the massage,” said one 
with.pleasure either like many massage Clients 
Chapter 9: Massage Moods: Getting the Setting Right 7] 2 F f 
giving a massage. There’s another, more lighthearted, giver’s personality, too, 
you're exchanging massage, and that's perfectly acceptable. Go ahead, put a 
an easy conversation during the massage. Sometimes this is the best choice 
when your partner is apprehensive about receiving the massage. 
It’s not that difficult to find a professional massage therapist with whom you 
can trade money for massage. Money seems to be a great motivational tool 
when it comes to getting people to massage you. It can be very tricky, how- 
the massage. Most frequently, this incentive comes in the form of a reciprocal 
massage. But what if that is not enough to motivate your partner? 
partners to give a massage, develop an instantaneous and very debilitating 
massage is withdrawn, however, they bounce back incredibly fast and can 
128  Partill: The Art of Giving Massage 
he gives you a massage. 
so kind as to give you a full hour massage. 
In exchange for the massage, offer to let him go shopping at his favorite 
i If he agrees to massage you at least three times, let him pick the destina- 
Your mate is not the only person with whom you can form a massage-trade 
Somebody who practices massage professionally (it may surprise you 
how many pros don’t receive massage nearly as often as they'd like — | 
sage is to try some seated massage with the clothes still on. You may find 
> Building your massage muscles 
> Exploring massage gizmos 
V- this is the chapter where you'll find all those massage moves that 
beginning, that these neat new massage moves you've learned actually are 
the massage itself. But you'd be wrong! Oh yes, very wrong. 
Massage moves are not the massage; they’re just the medium. 
Learning massage is like learning to play a musical instrument. The moves in 
In massage, you have to go beyond the moves pretty quickly. You need to 
technique, the body you massage is the instrument, and it's the interaction 
] 30 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
Massage is the music, the communication, the thing that you create, NOT the 
As innocuous as massage may seem, there are still times when you should 
The list of contraindications for massage may be longer than you expect, and 
it includes some conditions that at first glance don’t seem like massage 
invader of some kind. Massage increases overall circulation and could 
Inflammation: Massage can further irritate an area of inflammation, so 
on. In the case of localized problems, you can still massage around 
} against blood vessel walls. Massage affects the blood vessels, and so 
light, sedating massages, if at all. 
Infectious diseases: Massage is not a good idea for someone coming 
Massage may be too intense for this condition. 
Varicose veins: Massage directly over varicose veins can worsen the 
problem. However, if you apply a very light massage next to the prob- 
massage to the surrounding areas, though, can improve circulation and 
example. Usually these problems are local, so you can still massage in 
massage increases lymphatic circulation, it may potentially spread the 
disease as well. Simple, caring touch is fine, but massage strokes that 
doctor’s OK before administering massage. 
nal fluids, or mother’s milk), HIV can't be transmitted during massage. 
swelling, massage is best left to a professional. If you have any cuts or 
13 2 Part ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
Pregnancy: Most women love to receive massage during pregnancy, and 
on the side of caution when you're considering giving a massage to a person 
particular condition, don’t give the massage. 
make during a massage, no matter how good your intentions are. They all 
pregnant women should not receive massage. directly on the abdomen. Don't press 
' often quite sore, and wholove massage. Theré’s 
perfectly okay to. massage.a pregnant woman, according to the theory of reflexology, the. 
massage is not recommended. Chapter 14 
massage her. In her last trimester, she 
Always give soothing, relaxing massage - 
side or the other is appropriate during massage. No sudden movements! 
massage. This is hard to do with the knee or elbow, which resist such 
example, in exposed and vulnerable positions. Highly trained massage thera- 
massage ace yourself, it’s better to stay away from the following spots: 
the massage, because it contains a sensitive facial nerve. 
The eyeball: Unless you're trying to do a Three Stooges massage ( popu- 
1.34 Partill: The Art of Giving Massage _ 
forward with their newfound massage skills, in spite of the complaints issuing 
Massage partner: “It really hurts!" 
In massage, more than any other business, the customer is always right. But 
there are times when the person receiving the massage either doesn’t know 
Some people think that when they're getting a massage they have to “grin 
and bear it” when something hurts. They figure massage is like a form of tor- 
In these cases, wise massage givers have figured out certain non-verbal clues 
that they can use to determine when their massage is too strong. These include: 
you're giving a massage 
teur commentary while giving a massage to 
‘the middle of a massage, although hopefully not 
massage move you're attempting to perform at 
136 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
Building Your Massage Muscles 
Massage requires the sustained dexterous use of certain muscles in your 
Here's a list of a few exercises and devices that massage pros sometimes use 
to help build massage muscles; 
pushups; these not only strengthen your fingers for massage, but you 
Grape squeezing: In order to sensitize your fingers for delicate massage 
to stand and bend and squat when you're giving a massage. 
whole body to do massage. 
giving a simple massage. Doing yoga may help keep you limber. 
i purpose, called “power putty,” that is sold in massage stores, 
giving a massage? Well, the first thing many people do is panic. They stand 
This is where the seven types of massage moves you find in this section 
a blank when it comes time to give a massage. 
13 8 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
Massage is as'much (or more) about-feeling.as 
anything, you can still give a good massage. 
When | was in massage school, during the very 
feels-as thoughit’s been vigorously massaged. 
squeezing part of the massage? Three reasons: 
simultaneously spreading your oil or massage cream. 
need the most attention during the rest of the massage. 
ethereal or downright intense. Usually, at the beginning of a massage, you 
140 Partiti: The Art of Giving Massage 
So, what is the “spot” anyway? Massage pros have all kinds of fancy names 
massage, and pressing on them skillfully can help achieve that. 
thrive best when we don't know exactly where to find them. Massage helps 
your massage — good, firm, sustained pressure is what makes pressing 
Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
willing massage partners, you'll build your skill in locating them. 
Your kneading technique can make or break you as a massage giver, so I recom- 
mend practicing quite a bit on this one. If you practice building your massage 
novice kneaders make is kneading too tentatively. As a massage teacher, I've 
Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
The secret to successful rubbing, or friction as massage pros call it, is to 
receives the effects, not the buffing pad or rags. So it is with massage. Your 
] 4 6 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
Some people are afraid to get too “physical” when they give a massage, which 
that every massage move has to be as smooth and soothing as the next CD 
in massage, too. 
No other massage move feels quite as dramatic as vibration, It's a show biz 
] 4 bf Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
A doctor named Milton Trager developed a kind of massage called, appropri- 
Figure 10-9. One of the results of a really good Trager massage is a deep 
of massage by doing some very gentle rocking and rolling of your own. You 
they think they're doing some really authentic massage on-screen. It also 
seems to be the preferred move for overweight Russian men giving massages 
] 5 0 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
problem by incorporating a few stretching moves right into your massage. 
There are three basic types of stretches you can apply during a massage: 
just want to lie back and have you do all the work during the massage. 
Part lil: The Art of Giving. Massage 
Massage moves in a nutshell 
ing maneuvers and use in every massage you give: 
i Stay in the moment: The easiest way to look at a massage is piece by 
later. One move at a time, one after another, creates a whole massage. 
| 5 4 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
The Massage Dance 
what you're doing, turning the massage into a dance. 
properly while giving a massage that massage pros have given this practice a 
massage rather than relying on the strength of your arms and shoulders 
it’s difficult to knock you over when you're giving a massage. 
your partner to give the massage, generate your movements from your 
156 Partilt: The Art of Giving Massage 
when giving a massage, and wrists come in a close second. Be extra 
duty massage work. Give them a break every once in a while by using 
Massage Gizmos 
massage gizmos of one kind or another? They have vibrating chairs, tables 
i Massage gizmos are a great way for manufacturers and retailers to make 
i Massage gizmos are a great way for you to spend lots of money. 
You can get a nifty little massage device at your local pharmacy for $12.95. 
There are three main reasons why people use massage gizmos: 
Before you go out and purchase your own massage tool, | have a little secret 
of massage 
The truth is that you don’t really need these custom-made massage doohick- 
These tools utilize your own weight to massage various parts of your body: 
even buy sandals with hundreds of tiny knobs on the soles that massage 
] 5 8 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
Body Balancer: A massage pro named Grace Apfel in California, trying to 
Massage 
personalities, like the Happy Massager from the Tender Loving Things 
Company, Inc. or the Dolphin Massager. You can even order a Handy 
massage tool from the back of this book, designed by yours truly. It’s a 
your own hands are too tired or not in the mood to give a massage. All of 
reach around to massage a knot in the middle of your back? That, in 
get in massage clinics that are meant for professional use. One particular 
160 Partilt: The Art of Giving Massage 
Shiatsu massager: This type of unit has kneading “fingers” built into it. 
sitting at the computer, and he credits his Shiatsu massager for saving 
| 1 Massage furniture: Panasonic and other well-known manufacturers have 
4 gotten in on the massage game with electronic chairs and tables that 
give you a massage while you recline on them. These are fun items to 
makers themselves know this. Living Earth Crafts, one of the largest massage 
Tom Myers, a famed anatomy teacher and structural massage expert, agrees. 
> Massage rules 
p> The massage 
the main themes of the show concerned the effects of massage on friend- 
as a massage to someone else, we're making ourselves vulnerable to his or her 
When you give of yourself through massage, it’s natural to be afraid of what 
I think you should forget all about that stuff. Your massage abilities are not 
good massage. The idea is not to focus on being good, but to focus on doing 
] 62 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
Massage 
your massage experience and that you've practiced a few moves from 
One thing you may notice is that the massage in this chapter is being given 
place to work on, right? But there’s a good chance you don’t have a massage 
if you get serious about massage at some point, you may want to consider 
The floor can be quite a comfortable place to get a massage, especially if you 
massage 
Many massages have been given on beds, but in those cases the massage 
should. When you do give a massage on a bed, arrange some towels near the 
the whole time you're giving the massage. 
Don’t use your best sheets and towels to do a massage on because the oils 
than getting a massage and not being able to concentrate on how good it 
beneath your partner. Massage pros use specially made bolsters, as men- 
16G _ Pattill: The Art of Giving Massage 
to-oil,.and in-fact many professional-massage Good ones leaveva lubricating layer that makes 
Yes, it’s true. Massage can be an oily endeavor. In fact, in some countries, 
way through a massage people in Delhi end up glistening with a layer of lubri- 
This is how you best use oil during a massage: 
There is an age-old feud that has gone on between massage therapists for 
decades over where to place the oil bottle during the massage. I know that 
This gives the average massage therapist a Wyatt Earp kind of look that is 
Where should you put the bottle of oil during a massage? In my professional 
opinion, speaking as a massage therapist who's been working in the field for 
especially if you have your massage area dimly lit with candles. 
You can incorporate the concepts of aromatherapy into your massage by 
you're using for the massage, as I suggest in Chapter 9. 
166 Parti: The Art of Giving Massage 
The Rules for Giving Massage 
begin giving a massage. 
1. Do no harm. This is the number one rule for giving a massage. Refer to 
massage. 
massage oils. Which is the best-one, you ask? 
for massage. Almond oil is used in spas around 
massage really are better. They have more nutri- 
massage oil. 
ity. Why not use massage as an opportunity to explore your own innate 
168  Partill: The Art of Giving Massage 
& SF \, about it for so long without realizing that massage is not really about talking, 
Soon, you are going to be sailing away toward hours of massage bliss. All you 
the massage — wash your hands! 
one quality that millions of massage lovers around 
excellent massage therapist. As in, “Oh, that was 
the best massage.! ever had. You-have got great 
which‘ call the “rules for giving massage.” You 
Once | was hired to present a massage work- 
Demonstrating some. basic massage moves on 
sible for them to practice massage. 
hard for you to give a good massage. One of the 
massage school is to cut their nails, and you can 
often tell a massage pro by her extremely short 
dearly beloved.nails in order to.give a massage? 
improvise massage moves by using your palms 
at massage arid perform all the moves 
To begin the massage, you and your partner both have to be in the right posi- 
believe in starting every massage in the same position every time. In fact, 
and a boring massage. It's better to begin each massage where you are drawn 
massage with her facedown, working on her back. The sequence of the mas- 
1 70 Partll: The Art of Giving Massage 
You may recall that in Chapter 5, I describe a massage | received from Wesley, 
who's a native Hawaiian massage therapist and healer on the Big Island. What 
I didn’t describe was the prayer Wesley used to begin the massage, sitting 
say a couple of words of invocation as you're about to start your massage. 
kneaded. She has a magical inner spark, too. According to many massage 
You can give a better massage if you simply stop for a moment at the begin- 
ning of the massage and focus on that force that exists within you and your 
your own inner guidance as you begin the massage, and you may surprise 
your massage is completely obvious in the first split second, with the very 
rather than thinking, and a new thing is created, the massage. 
That's because | explain stretches in the sports massage section of Chapter 
16. This doesn’t mean you can’t use them during your full body massage, too, 
stretches, sprinkle them liberally throughout your massage for optimum effect. 
The back is a great place to begin a massage because many people equate 
massage with a “back rub.” Although it looks large and solid, the back is actu- 
, 772 Partiit: The Art of Giving Massage 
into the mood of getting a massage, nothing beats rocking. 
" The main difference between a good massage and a mediocre one is that 
a good massage is always custom-made for each person every time. So, 
a “knot” from an area of normal mustle tone. |" general, during a full body massage, spendio 
shock yoitr partnerand- -cause sudden. back-massage Wit Fawal symp- ‘ 
1 76 _ Partilt: The Art of Giving Massage 
partner if younever really “finish” one partof “connective strokes” throughout the massage 
clock is ticking, and the massage is slowly drip- , finish with any particular part of the body. You 
massage together into.one whole. certain moves; as.you-see-later inthis chapter. 
‘ some serious timie there.duripg yoursmassage. : 
] 78 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
turning over during massages. Often, this turn is 
the only physical effort a massage recipient has 
these reasons, most massage pros are quite 
780 Partiti: the Art of Giving Massage 
terrain to massage. The front of the body is a little more perplexing. There 
you begin to massage your partner’s face. Avoid large gestures, or quick 
8. Most people love for you to massage their ears. Use your fingers and 
for massage moves, but actually it’s a great place to use medium to deep 
when-it comes to getting a massage. Some 
swoon-over an ear massage, while others go 
massage, spend more.time focusing on the area 
] 8 2 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
pain if you simply turn your head too quickly. Massage is a great way to 
master it you have a great tool under your massage belt. Pouring a small 
] 4 4 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
ficial and pleasurable massage moves here. 
The secret of good arm and hand massage is to make your moves smaller and 
way to massage it is with direct pressure from your thumb, as shown in 
] 8 6 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
There are special massage moves for the forearm that are effective on 
10. In order to massage the entire upper arm from one simple position, lift 
massage the upper arm. For example, in Figure 11-9g the left arm is sup- 
ported by your left hand, allowing the right hand to massage the biceps. 
free to massage the triceps. 
der to the chest, where you're going to massage next. 
7 S§ _ Parti: The Art of Giving Massage 
be extra sensitive when applying massage moves here. 
partner relaxes a little and allows you to massage more deeply. Keep In mind 
the base of your ribs, and down your left side. When you massage in this 
6. This move offers a chance to massage the lower back while your partner 
realize how great a good leg and foot massage feels, and so you can surprise 
You finish the full body massage on the legs and feet because this is where 
7 90 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
Feel free to spend some extra time on the feet. Although the full foot massage 
192 Parti: The Art of Giving Massage 
] 9g 4 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
As with so many things in life, like fireworks and circus acts, in massage it’s 
niques all throughout the massage; flowing from one bliss-inducing maneuver 
The way you end the massage leaves a lasting impression. To make your 
You don’t have to wait until the end of the massage to use connective 
strokes. In fact, you can use them throughout the entire massage to con- 
massage. 
2. To finish your massage, place one hand on your partner’s forehead and the 
The last moment of the massage is as important as the first. When you finally 
] 96 Part Ill: The Art of Giving Massage 
Massage at Work 
Luckily, massage is here for us, ready to breathe some life 
need it the most. I'm talking about corporate massage 
Of course, a massage pro might not always be available, 
too. Chapter 13 is all about self-massage and stretching 
end up needing some serious massage attention of their 
own, Chapter 14 explains reflexology, a type of massage 
Massage for a Digital Generation 
> Considering corporate massage 
> Sitting down to a massage chair 
pat on the back, not a massage. But his statement does point out the great 
entirely new category of massage has been invented in the past several years 
to specifically address this issue. This category is called corporate massage, 
With corporate massage, a professional massage therapist comes to your 
office with a specially designed chair that you sit on to receive a massage 
with your clothes still on. This saves time and makes the whole massage pro- 
200 Part IV: Massage at Work 
place can get you in a lot of trouble. Corporate massage, however, can help 
Corporate Massage 
Your first reaction to the thought of massage at work may be less than posi- 
Won't the boss think that this kind of massage is a waste of time? Or, if 
office into a massage parlor? 
} receiving a massage at work? 
| i How much will the massage cost? 
on what corporate massage really is so that you'll run straight out to contact 
What does corporate massage look like, anyway? Well, imagine this scenario: 
proceeds to unfold over in one corner. This is the “corporate massage” that 
The massage therapist begins with some strong kneading of the shoulders 
__ Chapter 12: The New Coffee Break: Corporate Massage for a Digital Generation 20 | 
Yes, scenarios like this one can actually occur. Massage in the workplace has 
The benefits of this type of massage quickly outweigh the concerns I mention 
up, they just have ask the massage therapist not to massage their head. 
The massage is usually given in a public space and is very conservative. 
# employees to forget about whether or not they can afford the massage, 
No matter what the scenario, the massage therapists often appreciate tips, 
2 0 2 PartIV:MassageatWork CC 
Either way, the massage more than pays for itself almost immediately. A mas- 
In addition to chair massage, many corporations now offer full body massage 
mr) Call a local corporate massage provider and ask him to come in for a free 
This situation is win-win-win: The massage provider wins new business. Your 
Massage Chairs 
Massage in the workplace goes by various names, including corporate mas- 
sage, on-site massage, and chair massage. But regardless of what you call it, 
this type of massage is guaranteed to involve the use of a specially con- 
structed device known as the massage chair (see Figure 12-1). 
Massage chairs were originally developed in the U.S. by a man named David 
Palmer who wanted an easy way to massage his clients on the job at the Apple 
receive a back, neck, and shoulder massage. Getting into one of these things 
Although they may look slightly intimidating at first, massage chairs are actu- 
__ Chapter 12: The New Coffee Break: Corporate Massage for a Digital Generation 
3. Let the chair take your weight and the massage therapist do the rest. 
Don’t try to support yourself in any way during the massage. Just relax 
strange contraptions somewhere with a massage therapist standing by ready 
Of course, not everyone has access to chair massage. Perhaps you live ina 
204 Part IV: Massage at Work 
Offices aren't the only place where massage 
south Florida, | and a crew of other massage 
trusty massage Chairs to provide neck, shoul- 
massage 
If you don’t have a specially made massage chair around, you can use a 
chapter are done in a professional massage chair, but you can recreate them 
__ Chapter 12: The New Coffee Break: Corporate Massage for a Digital Generation 2 0 5 
Following is a simplified version of the chair massage routine that people 
av You don’t need any oil or cream to do this type of massage, and your partner 
important either. Think of chair massage as a rough-and-ready kind of experi- 
are best part of the body to begin a chair massage. After your partner is com- 
2 06 Part IV: Massage at Work 
When a person is seated in a massage chair, her arms are easily accessible. 
2. Follow the hand massage routine from Chapter 11. 
__ Chapter 12: The New Coffee Break: Corporate Massage for a Digital Generation 20 ’ 4 
The lower back is the hardest part to get to during a chair massage because 
208 Part IV: Massage at Work 
__ Chapter 12: The New Coffee Break: Corporate Massage for a Digital Generation 2 09 
2 7 0 Part IV: Massage at Work 
giving seated massage to someone who's going out on a date ten minutes 
massage chair) and press in for 5 to 10 seconds. 
Chair massage is usually an invigorating experience, and people often have to 
__ Chapter 12: The New Coffee Break: Corporate Massage for a Digital Generation 2 ] ] 
2 ] 2 Part IV: Massage at Work 
Cubicle Maneuvers: Self-Massage 
> Utilizing self-massage 
> Following a self-massage mini-routine 
a massage. Like it or not, at times you'll be sore, achy, tired, emotionally 
needy, and just plain crying out for a massage, but the people around you 
Don’t despair. There are some simple massage techniques that you can use 
here in the massage-at-work section because that’s where so many people 
edge off the tension, but wouldn't quietly engaging in a few self-massage tech- 
So, limber up those fingers (use the massage-muscle building tips from 
talented, and reliable, massage masters around — you. 
2 ] 4 Part IV: Massage at Work 
Self-Massage: The Basics 
ask a co-worker to massage it because the other people in your office may get 
nifty massage gizmo that you have stashed in your bottom drawer, but it 
give yourself an entire mini-massage, get some good relief, and be relatively 
Self-massage is as easy as following a few simple guidelines. Don’t stress the 
mechanics (see Chapter 10) while applying self-massage moves, just as you 
do for partner massage. Here are the basic rules for self-massage: 
Self-Massage Mini-Routine 
Chapter 13: Cubicle Maneuvers: Self-Massage for the Keyboard Jockey 2 ] 5 
A great way to start the self-massage routine is to simply lean forward in your 
massage, 
Part IV: Massage at Work 
Massage your temples, face, and jaw 
Time to start the actual massage moves. Reach up and apply circular 
Chapter 13: Cubicle Maneuvers: Self-Massage for the Keyboard Jockey 2 ] 7 
2 18 Part IV: Massage at Work 
wrists, and any of the other moves featured in the hand massage section of 
Chapter 13: Cubicle Maneuvers: Self-Massage for the Keyboard Jockey 2 ] g 
Massage your lower back 
220 Part IV: Massage at Work 
Chapter 13: Cubicle Maneuvers: Self-Massage for the Keyboard Jockey 22 ] 
massage 
apply as many of the foot massage moves from Chapter 14 as you can. 
When you finish the self-massage mini-routine, take a couple of deep, relaxing 
2 2 2 Part IV: Massage at Work 
massage techniques with an incredible amount 
The reason is simple. Massage, like tickling (you 
massage. A large part of the enjoyment of a 
massage is the social interaction with another 
Chapter 13: Cubicle Maneuvers: Self-Massage for the Keyboard Jockey 2 2 3 
seek medical advice, in addition to trying the exercises and massage tech- 
22h Partiv: Massage at Work 
(CTS is not uncommon, by the way, in massage pros who're using their hands 
* Massage therapy: Certain massage therapists are experts in CTS 
i Use the exercises and self-massage techniques in this section. 
Exercise and self-massage for CTS 
____ Chapter 13: Cubicle Maneuvers: Self-Massage for the Keyboard Jockey 22 5 
226 Part IV: Massage at Work 
Steve Chagnon, a massage therapist who studied in China and the U.S., has 
Chapter 13: Cubicle Maneuvers: Self-Massage for the Keyboard Jockey 22 7 
Self-massage for lymphatic drainage 
the top % inch of your skin, all massage moves lymph. His technique, called 
Specific lymphatic massage clears superficial tissues of excess lymph fluids 
effective. Leave direct manipulations of your painful wrist to a massage pro 
drainage massage in this area reduces hydraulic pressure on all the tissues 
2 2 bs Part IV: Massage at Work 
site at www. carpaltunnelmassage.com. 
> Foot massage routine 
these people, because the vast majority of us absolutely love foot massage. In 
massage were a completely separate entity from body massage. Foot mas- 
sage isn’t really separate from the whole-body massage we discuss in 
have a massage technique all their own, called reflexology, which we cover in 
230 Part IV: Massage at Work 
lem to deal with. I'll never forget the first woman I saw on my massage table 
large number of massage pros wear Birkenstock-type sandals. We want to 
The feet deserve massage, just for being feet, but another reason exists for 
entire session to foot massage. I’m talking about reflexology. You've probably 
2 3 2 Part IV: Massage at Work 
Foot Massage Routine 
This section gives you a 20-minute foot massage routine based on the princi- 
massagers around the world, but you can also position your partner on a bed 
or massage table so that her feet are just at the edge. She can even lie on the 
If you want to remain friends with the person you're giving the foot massage 
Part IV: Massage at Work 
foot massage to give your partner a little extra pleasure. Cradling feels so 
236 Part IV: Massage at Work 
Now you're ready to move into the 15-step foot massage routine that follows, 
23 8 Part IV: Massage at Work 
2 4 Q) Part IV: Massage at Work 
into premature labor due to a massage to the foot, just to play it safe, 
Life: Massage for 
“Massage really isn't for me, at least not on a consistent 
are lots of ways that you can enjoy massage in many areas 
time passion for sports. Then the massage moves and 
one, you can use massage as a sensual prelude to your 
day and night asking for massage, telling you you're a 
enjoyment, pleasure, and health in your life. Massage truly 
The Spa Lifestyle: Massage, 
> Finding massage specialty stores 
living it up at expensive luxury spas, getting all the massages, right? Not! 
massages for instance. 
2 4 4 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
“Another typical almond-oil massage from our love slave, Gregory?” said one 
The distilled essence of chardonnay grapes is infused into the massage 
cream used by the massage therapists there. 
Chapter 15: The Spa Lifestyle: Massage, Youth, and Beauty 2 4 5 
to receive spa treatments, massages, and more, and you don't have to 
good massage is going on at day spas, because many skilled massage thera- 
and order a gift certificate that's good for massages, facials, and other treats 
2 46 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
ing on the menu right alongside their massages. Some spas expect you to join 
ALEp» So what do people actually do at spas all day, other than get massages and 
Chapter 15: The Spa Lifestyle: Massage, Youth, and Beauty 
those enriching ingredients like massage oils from India and mango bath salts 
2 4 8 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
massage lotion to the skin. 
perform an entire massage, depending upon your mood and your part- 
Chapter 15: The Spa Lifestyle: Massage, Youth, and Beauty 4 4 9g 
5. Massage your partner’s hands while the face is covered. 
2 5 0 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
8. Using a face cream, do the face massage routine in Chapter 11. 
Chapter 15: The Spa Lifestyle: Massage, Youth, and Beauty 2 5 ] 
252 Part: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
3. Exchange long luxurious massages, fol- 
Chapter 15: The Spa Lifestyle: Massage, Youth, and Beauty 2 5 3 
Massage-0-Matic Specialty Stores 
avr When you’re searching for items to create your own spa or massage environ- 
ment at home, try checking out a new type of outlet known as the massage 
inside, not just crystal-toting members of the massage avant-garde. 
Three basic types of massage-oriented storefronts exist: 
 Massage-o-matics 
chairs for massage pros have also begun experimenting with selling their 
global hotbed of massage innovation, California, although they exist else- 
popular, and in the meantime you can find some quality massage products in 
a number of other stores, too, such as the Sharper Image. (See the “Massage 
Gizmos” section in Chapter 10, which explains the use of many massage 
2 5 4 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
Check these massage stores out, if you have the opportunity: 
i“ The Massage Company: 
i“ Massage Central: 
New Life Massage Equipment: 
ar You can find a lot of massage equipment on the Web as well. Go to 
massage tables, and www.massagematters .com for a few, select, high-quality 
massage items. 
AlEg» Some stores are not primarily massage outlets, but they do offer massage 
healthy. It also sells several massage items that you can choose from, The 
Chapter 15: The Spa Lifestyle: Massage, Youth, and Beauty 2 5 5 
Massage-o-matics 
your back rubbed for ten minutes. This kiosk take on the massage phenome- 
massage to your location. 
In some areas, you may find independent massage practitioners who've set 
Southern Thailand. Approaching these people for a massage-o-matic experi- 
7 that you'd heed when receiving any kind of massage, especially the one that 
tells you to remember that “You're the boss.” Declaring what kind of massage 
even if the massage only lasts five minutes. Don't let an overly enthusiastic 
2 5 6 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
Sports Massage 
> Understanding the techniques of sports massage 
where massage can come in handy. What could be better than having some- 
you can do with sports massage. And you get the lowdown on it in this chapter. 
the Tough Get a Massage 
the benefits of massage already. Most competing athletes think massage is 
of whom have used massage for years to gain an extra edge. In fact, beginning 
in 1996, massage became an official part of the services offered to all athletes 
Athletes utilize massage in a number of ways: 
2 5 bf Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
To appear relaxed and cool getting their massages in front of the compe- 
Good times to use sports massage 
You can use sports massage any time you want, even right before church on 
annual company Fourth of July party. But using sports massage right around 
 Pre-event massage: As the name would imply, this type of sports mas- 
popular belief, a massage at this time will not zone the athlete out to a 
 Post-event massage: Directly after an event (like just past the finish line 
sally appreciate a good massage. Massage helps the muscles, not to 
Ongoing training massage: Getting massaged throughout the training 
massage every day. 
Where to find sports massage 
sports massage clinic somewhere close by. If you live in a small town, try 
someone who offers sports massage. 
Massage pros go through a special advanced training in order to become cer- 
tified sports massage therapists. You won't offend anyone by asking about 
Athletic trainers are quite often sports massage therapists also, or they can at 
sports massage just because he knows how to give a few karate chops to your 
that true professional sports massage is becoming a highly evolved discipline. 
Chapter 16: Higher, Faster, Stronger: Sports Massage 5 g 
ar Call the American Massage Therapy Association (AMTA) at 847-864-0123, and 
Massage Team (NSMT). 
Sports massage, when applied by skilled practitioners, is an advanced form 
of massage therapy, with many involved maneuvers. The instructions here 
This section provides you with some basic sports massage moves. Notice 
how they're similar to regular massage moves? It’s just that they're bigger 
sports massage then, say, during a relaxation massage. 
260 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
Chapter 16: Higher, Faster, Stronger: Sports Massage 
Figure 16-2d. This stretch is easier to do on a massage table, but if you don’t 
2GZ  PartV: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
You can perform an entire sports massage routine, which is going to look sim- 
though, don’t be too surprised if sports massage looks amazingly similar to 
non-sports massage. 
which are problems that can be helped with sports massage. 
ar A little sports massage can help tennis elbow, too. Remember to do some 
gradual warm-up massage moves first before digging straight in with these 
massage table, grasp your partner's forearm and slide your hand 
of dehydration. And after the massage, try placing some ice on the area for a 
Chapter 16: Higher, Faster, Stronger: Sports Massage 263 
26 4 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
Taking It With You: Massage 
> Receiving massage around the world 
> Getting massaged while on the road 
> Using massage to relax while flying ™~ 
freee your hands can go, massage can go, too. And there’s no limit 
when seeking out professional massage or exchanging one with a traveling 
massage offered there, and the getting-there part often causes quite a bit of 
tension. That's why I share a coach-class massage with you at the end of this 
One World, Many Massages 
ALE, —_If you travel around much and receive massages in different parts of the 
distinct attitudes about massage and its own unique ideas about what a mas- 
sage should be. In Turkey, for example, the massage you receive in a 
massage on a cruise ship sailing the warm waters of the Caribbean may be an 
266 Part: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
Wherever you are in the world, people often French Je voudrais. un massage. 
Portuguese § Gostaria de:umamassagem. 
massage in Madagascaf, a backrub in 
where you are in the world — a massage! 
Greek Thelo-ena massage. 
Hindi Mujhe-massage chahiye. 
Ich méchte eine Massage. 
receive your massage on a low, wide bed, while dressed in loose-fitting 
The Japanese take their bathing and their massages seriously, and they've 
receive a massage directly afterward. 
tains where white-robed massage therapists try to attune you to the inner 
You get the idea — massage can be found almost anywhere you go these 
sage about massage from a very unexpected source, 
get a massage. And not just any massage. Special massage! Many many spe- 
cial massages.” Sure enough, my client has been on a quest to receive as 
many massages as possible ever since, and the massages have helped her 
Chapter 17: Taking ItWith You: Massage Onthe Go 2G 7 
Massage on the Road 
tell you to get lots of massages, right? No, you've probably already figured 
more likely to receive your massage-on-the-road in a hotel room rather than 
all, not home. Massage is the perfect antidote for hotel discomfort. Chapter 8 
shows you what to do to get a professional massage while staying in a hotel 
of advice for exchanging massages with each other in hotel rooms. 
The most important thing about on-the-road massage is to bring along your 
trade massages with each other. 
Massage oil 
A little massage gizmo (see Chapter 10) 
26 8 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
18-wheeler massage 
offers therapeutic- massage to the guys and gals 
of, “I'm too tough for massage. That's for 
If they see the value of massage therapy, it’s 
Massage in Coach Class 
your traveling companions a little relief with a coach-class massage. By the 
The coach-class self-massage 
The time to try massage has arrived. The five-step routine shown here is 
neath your knees to massage the upper calves. 
Chapter 17: Taking It With You: Massage On the Go 269 
2 70 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
massage. 
Massage for the Whole Family 
> Sharing massage with your whole family 
> Enjoying massage during pregnancy 
> Giving massage to seniors 
body in the family in your newfound passion for massage, from newborn 
Elaine, a sales manager from Living Earth Crafts massage manufacturing com- 
pany in California, put it best: “The family that massages together, stays 
That makes sense. If you can’t share massage with your family, who can you 
getting your family members to lie still for massage isn’t that easy. And get- 
ting someone to give a massage is even harder. People all have their own 
tact. You are the person interested in massage, and you're the one who is 
reading this book. So, if you want to introduce massage into your family, you 
Here are a few techniques you can use to get your family into massage, even 
f Give a foot massage to the couch potato while he’s watching his favorite 
Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
i Use massage as a reward for children who complete their homework. 
Offer the family chef a massage in return for preparing a special meal. 
Make the idea of massage non-threatening by offering the simple, seated, 
back and neck massage (fully clothed) from Chapter 12. 
If someone says no to massage, respect that person’s feelings, but offer a 
headache-reduction massage point in the webbing between the thumb 
Be willing to be the first one to offer massage and to continue offering it 
“Would you mind giving me a little massage, 
best massage | could. We didn’t speak many 
Sometimes, other people just plain aren’t into massage. Don’t force your 
ready and willing to experiment with massage, but only on the receiving end, 
to give massages, I say go ahead and do it! You'll be creating a closeness that 
Gaby Massage 
over and started massaging his toes. “Massage is very good for babies,” she 
massage and child massage by people everywhere. : 
Cultures from around the world embrace the concept of baby massage: 
People from India have massaged their babies for centuries. 
baby massage, too. 
Chapter 18: Massage for the Whole Family 2 73 
| 274 PartV: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
Why baby loves massage 
that massage can actually help premature infants grow faster and leave the 
it’s no wonder babies love massage. 
Baby massage moves 
they are when you try to massage them and one of your hands covers their 
Choose a time when the baby is tranquil to give the massage, perhaps 
The massage may only last one or two minutes before the baby squirms 
massage. 
Gaby massage routine 
Chapter 18: Massage for the Whole Family 2 75 
2 76 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
Baby massage training 
Babies don’t need any special training to begin enjoying massage, but mom- 
massage experts. Some good videos are available on the subject, and classes 
else interested. The massage techniques taught are not just for newborns 
either. Toddlers enjoy massage, too. 
If you really get into it, you can become a certified baby massage instructor 
named Vimala Schneider McClure, who experienced baby massage firsthand 
Association of Infant Massage, which now has over 2,500 members, and she 
wrote /nfant Massage: A Handbook for Loving Parents, (Bantam Doubleday 
Chapter 18: Massage for the Whole Family 2 7 7 
interested in baby massage: 
International Association of Infant Massage (IAIM); contact person: 
3W0; telephone: 403-246-6720; www. babymassage.com 
Massage can be enjoyed equally by men and women, of course, but there are 
When a woman receives a massage during any of these times in her life, it not 
happy with massage Is especially important for all males who live anywhere 
way or another. Mothers come to mind right away, for example. Massage is 
of the book for an easy way to purchase massage gifts for your mom, regard- 
less of what city she lives in). Wives and girlfriends deserve special massage 
If a lot more women received a lot more massage, there would be a lot less 
that would make her happier than a nice massage. In fact, she'll absolutely 
2 78 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
Labor day massage 
suite, | reached down to massage my client's feet 
world. The massage could'wait for another day: 
Some women blend the lines between working as a massage therapist and a 
Pregnancy massage pointers 
Giving massage to a pregnant woman is perfectly safe, and there are even 
special massage tables with big holes in the center (so the woman can lie 
Chapter 18: Massage for the Whole Family 2 79 
With these guidelines in mind, you can confidently offer massage to your 
massage can help ease. So, she will definitely appreciate your efforts. 
To find out more, a good book on the subject is Mother Massage: A Handbook 
PMS (Please Massage Soon) 
massage soon.” The phrase was coined back in the 1970s when some men 
especially large share of love and attention. Massage was the perfect answer, 
no apparent reason and asks you for a massage, do not ask any stupid ques- 
Massage can help create continued possibilities for health, good looks, and 
pleasure as a woman enters this stage of life. Massage is extremely beneficial 
2 8 0 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
be appreciated by menopausal women, as well as a massage. 
nior Massage 
Massage can help with the stiffness. It can help with the aches. And some- 
times it can even help with the loneliness. Massage treats the little things that 
fall. When seniors feel more relaxed and coordinated after a massage, they 
maybe slowing down a little.” Massage can play a big part in keeping seniors 
massage, Bob Hope. He's had a massage almost every day of his life for over 
You can easily extend massage to seniors. Most are extremely grateful for the 
Chapter 18: Massage for the Whole Family 2& 7 
 Self-massage is great for seniors, too. If the opportunity is there, go 
ahead and teach the self-massage moves in Chapter 13 to a special 
senior, This is also a great way to share your enthusiasm for massage 
ments when giving them a massage. 
gressively increase the vigor of your massage until you reach a 
seniors received almost as much benefit from giving massage as they did 
from receiving. Teaching seniors how to massage their grandchildren, for 
You may be surprised how good the simple act of giving a massage can make 
massage the baby. You may be surprised. 
Professional senior massage 
If you're headed in the direction of becoming a massage pro yourself, and you 
Geriatric Massage Project in California (call 707-829-2798 or visit them on the 
Web at www. daybreak-massage.com). They have books, videos, trainings, 
and a symposium for massage therapists who specialize in senior massage. 
2 8 2 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
to give a massage to his father, who had 
up on the massage table, because he was weak 
the massage he reached his hand out and held 
The next day | was scheduled to come massage 
Massage can offer some serious help for older people suffering from 
through the massage they've received. Many seniors, such as widowed 
the most. Massage can help. 
Massage can offer much needed reassurance for those people near the end of 
their lives. Some massage pros have specialized in this type of work, giving 
massage in hospitals and hospices. A sizable number of clergy, members of 
You can learn more about offering this type of massage in the book 
The Lover's Touch: Massage 
[= face it: Sometimes, massage can just plain be sexy. Regardless of how 
As a practitioner of therapeutic, non-sexual massage myself, | am amongst 
sensual touch and therapeutic massage. But that doesn’t mean sensual touch 
oriented massage. You can take many of the suggestions from the rest of this 
28h Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
A gallon and a half of musk-scented massage oil from ancient Persia 
improve your chances of experiencing the ultimate sensual massage, but 
definitely need for a good sensual massage: 
decided you'd like to share a sexy massage together? The trick is to change 
a sensual intent with their massage moves. You may be surprised how the 
incredibly different effects, depending upon who's giving the massage, and 
A fine line lies between sensual and sexual massage, and believe it or not, 
sometimes sensual is better. Sensual massage is more relaxed. It doesn’t 
Perhaps the most important rule for sensual massage is, “Go with the flow.” If 
you feel like the most appropriate place for the massage is out on the beach 
With sensual massage, you have to be especially sensitive to your partner's 
In sensual massage, the idea is not so much to soothe your partner’s sore 
strength as you do in a regular massage. Practice using soft hands, letting 
achieve any therapeutic purposes. This technique changes the massage 
your partner can engage in sensual massage, 
A massage called Tantra 
Chapter 19: The Lover's Touch: Massage and Intimacy 2 8 5 
28 6 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
sensual massage. But just how exactly are you supposed to make it sensual? 
Flavored massage oils 
Okay, I admit it . . . flavored massage oils are a little on the hokey side. But 
taste. You can even find, believe it or not, a cappuccino-flavored massage oil, 
excuses for not giving your honey a sensual massage: “I'm on a diet.” 
sensual massage experience. You can purchase such devices guilt-free at 
Chapter 19: The Lover's Touch: Massage and Intimacy 
All kinds of sensual massage videos are out there for you to use to help get 
massage. 
massage together. You may notice that some of these moves are not really 
moves at all, but attitudes. In a sensual massage you take more liberties with 
In therapeutic massage, you usually bring just your hands and arms into con- 
tact with your partner, for the most part. In sensual massage, on the other 
2 bf bf Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
anywhere on his body while you're giving the massage, as shown in 
for self-defense from attacking wolverines, but it’s great for sensual massage. 
cles, as the chest massage moves in Chapter 11 are, but rather just to 
massage, 
Chapter 19: The Lover's Touch: Massage and Intimacy 2 bf g 
290 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
you're sharing a sensual massage together. 
If you find yourself repeatedly imagining that you're receiving your massage 
fact, you may even use the fantasy to make the sensual massage more sensual. 
to me atthe end-of'the massage. Still lying on 
the ultimate; personalized sensual massage 
Massage for a Living 
p> Determining whether massage is the career for you 
> Creating your own massage adventure 
> Understanding the future of massage 
ble benefits of massage, you may be thinking to yourself, “Hey, all this 
massage stuff is just foo much fun. I'd like to find out how I can spend a large 
professional massage therapists I've been reading about. And besides, it may 
The book is Massage Therapy Career Guide for Hands-On Success. It is packed 
considering a walk down the massage career path, and for the person who 
sound decision on whether massage therapy may be the right career choice 
The first thing you should do when considering a career in massage is ask 
Massage Therapy Career Guide, may give you a good preliminary idea about 
292 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
The ten traits of a born massage therapist 
] + 9-10 Head to the nearest massage school to enroll. 
more information from massage schools. 
3-5 Seek the advice and inspiration of established massage therapists 
life in the massage field is really like. 
looking into massage as a career. 
Chapter 20: Have Hands, Will Travel: Doing Massage for a Living 293 
massage therapist. And if you are that kind of person, what you may discover, 
Massage gives us an acceptable avenue for empathy. Practicing professionals 
Massage therapists are paid to be there for people. 
so, maybe you have quite an adventure ahead — a massage adventure. 
The Massage Adventure 
massage, then you have to prepare yourself for your new role in society. Yes, 
around one of those big massage tables that look like padded suitcases. How 
first place you begin to meet your fellow travelers is usually in massage 
29 4 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
has taken up massage as a career. It’s ever more popular, with people from 
There are over 800 massage schools in the U.S., where training usually lasts 
Here are some of the things you explore in massage school: 
Massage (duh!) 
Massage school is not just rubbing and relaxing all day, but that doesn’t mean 
it isn’t fun. Most graduates have very fond memories of their massage school 
All massage schools are not created equal. And the one you choose may play 
an extremely important role in your overall experience of massage. Some 
like a part of the massage revolution as it unfolds across the globe, touching 
technically oriented approach to massage based more strictly on a medical 
Chapter 20: Have Hands, Will Travel: Doing Massage for a Living 29 5 
by the Commission on Massage Training Accreditation/Approval (COMTAA) 
or the Integrative Massage and Somatic Therapies Accreditation Council 
from the American Massage Therapy Association and Associated Bodywork 
and Massage Professionals. 
The prospect of attending a massage school may excite you, but you have no 
Chapter 21 lists ten of the best places to study massage. 
An information-packed book about massage schools is available from 
Associated Bodywork and Massage Professionals (ABMP). It’s called the 
Massage school may cost anywhere from several hundred dollars a semester 
As you can see, massage school usually entails a substantial investment. And 
you finish school. You need things like a massage table, business cards, and 
296 PartV: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
Transformation through massage school 
It's a rare person who can go through massage 
People enrolled in massage school are 
Attending-massage school is. no-guarantee for 
the profession. Even with the costs, many tens of thousands of new massage 
you to practice massage in your area. You never thought it would be so com- 
could turn you into an outlaw massage rogue, which would not be good for 
Chapter 20: Have Hands, Will Travel: Doing Massage for a Living 2 9g 7 
either coming back from giving a massage, just about to give a massage, or 
thinking of ways you can get more people to sign up for massages. 
Ah, there’s the real rub; there’s never an end to the massage work that needs 
When you work for yourself doing massage, you have to create some new 
Many would-be massage therapists add up the numbers. “Let's see, 50 dollars 
per massage, doing just 5 massages a day, 5 days a week, makes $1,250 per 
just waiting for their chance to graduate and become massage millionaires. 
The average annual salary of a massage therapist in the U.S. is under $20,000 
The truth is that, like any business, the massage business is a hard business. 
You can, indeed, make a very good living doing massage, and that may con- 
that massage offers. But don't do it just for the money. You need to have 
stars and massage therapists, eventually burning out. 
298 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
massage therapist are completely personal.No self, as if you were talking to a client. Eventually, 
two. massage therapists need follow the exact they seem natural. 
different. Practice saying your new rules out massage must be paid for in full. 
You may have heard stories about massage therapists who get incredible 
if you receive tips for massage, you do a disservice to the industry. They say 
tipping turns massage into a service (like a waiter serving food to your 
lying issue about how we want others to perceive massage. In the end, it’s 
After you’re out there and actually making a living giving massage, you may 
That's right. You have to go to some organized massage parties, also known 
Chapter 20: Have Hands, Will Travel: Doing Massage for a Living 299 
familiar with all the people, places, and history that make massage what it is 
In a nutshell, up. Yes, up is the direction the profession of massage therapy is 
the number of human bodies out there available to be massaged is growing at 
before, so many people can afford to pay for massage. An even bigger trend, 
pay for massage because it’s a cost-effective, health-care alternative. 
That's right — in the future, as a massage therapist, others may respect you 
tain something” that makes massage special, too. It’s in the simple human act 
Where you can go as a massage therapist 
If you spend the time to gain some expertise in massage, people may eventu- 
After you work to establish yourself as a massage therapist, you may be at an 
Many massage therapists compound their success by turning to teaching at 
massage schools, at weekend workshops, and in books and videos that they 
create for other massage therapists. Some massage therapists even go on to 
300 Part V: Living the Good Life: Massage for Every Body 
reach out and touch other people. Through massage you can do that. 
If you decide to pursue massage, you may discover some things about life 
rather just have somebody else make the massage deci- 
professional give you a massage? You'd probably like me 
simplest massage moves you can perform on anyone 
massage. I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you? 
questions as “What's the best place to get a massage in 
Morocco?” and “How can I massage my cat’s ears?” 
places to study massage professionally so that you can go 
ten ways to give massage as a gift. 
Ten Top Places to Study Massage 
massage therapist, I would just like to say . . . congratulations! You have made 
decision may take you is a massage school of some kind or another. Massage 
grams, and so on), you usually end up choosing a massage school that is 
800 massage schools dot the landscape, and that number just keeps growing. 
Training Directory, published by Associated Bodywork and Massage 
Massage Schools in the U.S. 
Atlanta School of Massage, 2300 Peachford Road, Suite 3200, Atlanta, GA 
30338; 770-454-7167; www.atlantaschoolofmassage.com. 
Like many massage schools, the Atlanta School of Massage started out as a 
small dream in the minds of people who really liked doing massage them- 
in Swedish massage, sports massage, and so on, ASM developed one of the 
first extensive spa therapy training programs offered at any massage school. 
Monica, CA 90025; 310-826-7622; www. chacmassage.com. 
rarefied and idealistic air of the massage school environment. The school 
Down East School of Massage, P.O. Box 24, Waldoboro, ME 04572-0024; 
massage training program. You then have the ingredients for an intense yet 
tranquil massage learning experience in one of the most beautiful settings 
Chapter 21: Ten Top Places to Study Massage 
Instructors have developed their own particular massage style there (not sur- 
prisingly called Esalen Massage), which you can learn while in residence. Not 
to go if you want to experience the “whole enchilada” during your massage 
Massachusetts, Kripalu has had a long, illustrious history.of training massage 
practitioners, especially those interested in the “spiritual” side of massage. 
If you're going to go to massage school someplace, why not gorgeous New 
Suncoast School of Massage, 4910 Cypress Street, Tampa, FL 33607-3802; 
competent massage therapists, some of whom even go on to write books 
about massage. 
massage school in the mountains eating nothing but organic fruit is not your 
more major than New York City? In fact, one of the oldest massage schools in 
Therapeutic massage is growing in popularity outside the U.S. — perhaps 
Many massage schools in Australia receive extra assistance from the govern- 
ment so people can afford to get a massage education there. The Australian 
School of Therapeutic Massage offers a good basic course and is recom- 
mended by an Australian massage association. 
Clare Maxwell Hudson’s Massage, 87 Dartmouth Road, London, England 
Clare Maxwell Hudson has written a number of popular books on massage, 
Chapter 21: Ten Top Places to Study Massage 
sage training in France. Things are different in France for massage therapists 
This is another network of people teaching and developing massage tech- 
the FNCM also lists classes in many different massage modalities given 
Institute of Thai Massage, 17/7 Morakot Road, Hah Yaek Santitham, Chiang 
If you're like most people, the first time you receive a Thai-style massage, you 
Northern Institute of Massage, 100 Waterloo Road, Blackpool, England FY4 
Australia SA, 5000; tel. 08 8410 1975; www.massage.net.au. 
If you'd like a massage school experience down on the south coast of 
Australia, and you want to study with people serious about their massage 
Games to offer sports massage to the athletes), this is the school for you. 
studying massage, in a peaceful, laid-back Canadian city, Toronto may be 
West Coast College of Massage Therapy, 555 West Hastings Street, 
Vancouver, Canada V6B 4N4; 888-449-2242; www.col legeofmassage.com. 
You have to get ready for some serious schooling if you study massage in 
according to Ron Garvock, dean of massage therapy at this school in 
perhaps makes it the highest standard in massage education in North 
a Topnotch Massage 
> U.S. massage spots 
> International massage spots 
receive a massage, ten in the U.S. and ten in other countries. How can we 
you know about potentially the most spectacular massage experience of 
Let's face it, just about anywhere you are when you're receiving'a massage is 
U.S. Massage Spots 
fabulous massage experience. 
massage you receive in the spa is more than a massage. Be prepared for an 
exchange of energy between you, the massage therapist, and the powerful 
top massage spots lists. This place deserves it. Some people say that the con- 
people who receive massages on Esalen’s deck overlooking the Pacific. Here, 
a bunch of talented, sensitive people practice a form of massage that is 
Utah desert — a magical place. To receive your massage, you enter a womb- 
intense stimulation before heading into the massage center for your hour- 
Ever wanted to receive a therapeutic massage from a native Hawaiian healer 
Chapter 22: Ten Outstanding Places to Receive a Topnotch Massage 3 ] ] 
ately outside the massage room door? Me too. Well, the Koala spa is where 
ence, in the realm of massage or any other realm. 
own private island where you can receive a massage in a mangrove tree 
relaxed in these surroundings, request to receive your massage from a mas- 
trained by one of the country’s premier massage instructors, Bob King. 
embrace of a topnotch luxury spa where a squadron of massage pros wait to 
side to receiving a massage here is that you may be lying down for an hour 
then come inside to the sauna where your massage therapist joins you, beats 
ing you to the massage room. Now | call that service! 
Besides offering a long list of very talented massage therapists on staff, Ten 
saunas and soaking, your massage therapist takes you to a light-filled cham- 
International Massage Spots 
It’s true, the world is big, and there are thousands of tremendous massage 
during a one-hour Amandari massage. During this sublime procedure, you 
lovely, the people magnificent, and the massage therapists’ fingers as strong 
Chapter 22: Ten Outstanding Places to Receive a Topnotch Massage 3 13 
are ushered into inner chambers for your massage, which is more than a mas- 
level. At the very least, you get a killer massage. 
This is the place to go if you're the type who would like to receive a massage 
island. If you're feeling brave, ask for their traditional Indonesian massage, an 
time, watercolor painting. To receive your massage, you enter the hamam, or 
before the massage, which is also done in the steam room. The whole 
water bath, request an hour-long massage before heading out to the casinos 
phies, and if you ever tire of the fine massages and healthy lifestyle choices 
Spiritual Massage, Angela Moraes, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; tel. 5521 
Angela Moraes, who offers something called Massagem Espiritual, which is 
Portuguese for spiritual massage. You may not know this, but Brazilians are 
Buddhas, right? The massage you receive there has a reputation of being 
And be warned, the massage is so wonderful, and the price so affordable, you 
Massage as a Gift 
> Creating great massage gifts 
Give them a massage gift. You don’t necessarily have to give the massage 
put forth the effort to create the massage gift, arrange for it, pay for it, and so 
receives. Massage, ultimately, is always a gift for the person who's receiving 
the physical act of receiving the massage. It's natural to respond as though it 
follow to accentuate this quality of the massage you offer to others. 
The massage birthday gift 
occasion, hire a professional massage therapist to come over as a surprise 
both of you get multiple massages by a pro. Pack a good book, a bathing suit, 
massage. This is good for major brownie points in your favor. 
B&B and massage 
When you're a houseguest, leave behind a massage gift certificate from a 
local massage therapist to show how much you appreciate your host's 
Massage for charity 
Buy a gift certificate from a local massage therapist and offer it as a door 
Buy a massage for (or better yet, give a massage to!) a friend who is getting 
married. I received a massage on my own wedding day and have given mas- 
The massage economy pack 
Negotiate with a local massage therapist to purchase a whole series of mas- 
After you read this book, offer free massages to all of your friends and each 
giving massage yet. If you give from your heart, people may respond accord- 
Ten Massage Techniques That 
> Pleasing your pet with massage 
ou don’t have to be a highly trained expert in several esoteric massage 
Animals can teach us humans a thing or two about massage. Just watch a cat, 
lead with these massage moves. Yes, that's right, go ahead and get crazy with 
Inside the ear is a gold mine of prospective massage points, and it would be 
of intense pet-massage satisfaction. Just try massaging your own wrists for a 
Chapter 24: Ten Massage Techniques That Your Dog or Cat Will Love 3 ] 9g 
them altogether during full-body massages. This is understandable, because 
can give a good massage into this area by using all four fingers held flat. Slip 
Starting at the tail, use your fingertips to massage each vertebrae, working 
Ten Quick and Easy Massage — 
> Achieving quick stress relief with massage 
giving or receiving hour-long full body massages complete with music, 
(either yourself or another person) because that may give massage a strange 
Luckily for you, there are some quick little massage moves you can use every 
massage. 
Chapter 25: Ten Quick and Easy Massage Techniques for Easing Stress 323 
Most everyone agrees that a foot massage feels great, but what if you're all 
Massage Resources 
Massage Books 
There are lots of informative books on massage specialties. So, if you really 
Claire, Thomas, Bodywork: What Type of Massage to Get — and How To Make 
3 2 6 Massage For Dummies 
Massage Magazines 
In the U.S., there are three main magazines read by massage therapists. All 
Massage Magazine: 1315 West Mallon, Dept. 50, Spokane, WA 99201-2038, 
Massage Therapy Journal: 820 Davis Street, Suite 100, Evanston, IL 
Massage & Bodywork Quarterly: 28677 Buffalo Park Road, Evergreen, CO 
Massage on the Web 
prepare to launch into the World Wide Web of massage. 
www. dharmanet.org/TBI/webring. html: This massage “Web ring” is a good 
place to start because it links together many sites all focused on massage 
ring. Note: especially helpful if you have a Web site on the subject of massage 
“Massage Therapy Web Central,” and you'll be able to find tons of links here 
for massage. 
www. carpaltunnelmassage.com: Check here for insight into massage moves 
www. babymassage.com: This is a site with a video available for instruction in 
(surprise!) baby massage. 
to learn about childbirth, including baby massage and massage for pregnant 
www.daybreak-massage.com: This is thee site for people interested in offer- 
ing massage to seniors (also called geriatric massage). They offer training 
massage pros choose his music to accompany their massage. 
to many horse massage schools. 
Massage & Bodywork (NCBTMB). This organization offers certification for 
massage pros in every state of the U.S.. 
Massage therapist locator sites 
massagetherapynetwork. com: This site links therapists with customers and 
www.massagenetwork.com: Look here for tons of info from around the world, 
wwwW.massageresource.com: Travel to this Web site first if you're seeking 
www .massagetherapyhomepage.com/directory.html: This page will help 
Massage products 
www. pressurepositive.com: This site has several massage products for 
www.imtswarehouse.com: Here's a site for discounted massage tables of 
“massage supply superstore.” The site definitely has a large number of 
Appendix: Massage Resources 32 7 
3 28 Massage For Dummies 
of retail stores featuring back-friendly furniture, tools, and some massage 
lists a sizable selection of edible massage oils, including the infamous “cap- 
www.massagetools.com: This is the Web site for the manufacturer of the 
Thumper vibrating massage device. 
www.massagematters.com: A massage entrepreneur in the Atlanta area 
offers this special site featuring just a few well-chosen, high quality massage 
The following is a list of companies that make equipment for use by massage 
chase massage items. 
books, T shirts, videos, massage tools, and more. 
made the extremely cool Massage For Dummies massage chair featured in 
This company manufactures the popular Thera Cane self-massage tool. 
videos, tables, chairs, massage muscle-builders, and accessories. 
Downeast School of Massage Bookstore: 99 Moose Meadow Lane, 
Billing themselves as “the largest massage supply superstore,” Best of Nature 
Appendix: Massage Resources 329 
330 Massage For Dummies 
What's the use of lying on an expensive padded massage table if it’s covered 
Massage Oils and Creams 
Take it from me: if you're going to apply long firm massage strokes to the 
going to have one angry Italian on your hands. You can find massage oils and 
This is a popular massage cream and oil manufacturer. 
Pure Pro Massage Oils; 955 Massachusetts Avenue, Suite 232, Cambridge, 
Appendix: Massage eros 33 ] 
Basic Massage Lines: 1207 W. Kingshighway, Paragould, AR 72450, 
800-643-4751, www. bmimassage.com 
Like the name says, this company carries basic massage lines for pros and 
massage related items. 
This is a no-frills massage, spa, aromatherapy, and ay care product cata- 
American Massage Therapy Association (AMTA): 820 Davis Street, Suite 100, 
Evanston, IL 60201-4444, 847-864-0123, www. amtamassage.org 
332 Massage For Dummies 
Associated Bodywork & Massage Professionals (ABMP): 28677 Buffalo Park 
International Massage Association (IMA): 3000 Connecticut Ave. NW, #308, 
Washington, DC 20008, 202-387-6555, internationalmassage.com 
International Sports Massage Federation: P.O. Box 25983, Santa Ana, CA 
National Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage & Bodywork: 8201 
Australia: Massage Australia, P.O. Box 38, Wentworth Falls NSW 2782 
Australia, tel. 02 4757 3050 or 61 2 4757 3050, www.massageaus.com.au 
Appendix: Massage —e 333 
Massage Specialties and Trainings 
There are so many massage specialties and trainings out there that an entire 
ested in massage and bodywork as either a practitioner or a recipient and 
Many practitioners in the West are now offering massage and other treat- 
Gaby Massage 
You don't have to be a massage pro in order to massage your own baby. . 
403-246-6720, www. babymassage.com 
92037, 760-436-0418, pregmassage@aol .com 
33 4 Massage For Dummies 
Chair massage 
To learn how to give effective massage using the specially built massage 
TouchPro Chair Massage Workshops: 800-999-5026 
Seated Massage Experience: Touch 4 Productions, P.O. Box 260395, Tampa, 
FL 33685-0395, 800-868-2448 or 813-249-2911, www. seatedmassage.com 
Connective tissue massage 
Energy work is massage and bodywork that focuses on treating the invisible 
following types of massage and bodywork deal primarily with this energy, 
Appendix: Massage Resources 
Freedom of movement massage 
Geriatric massage 
way, reaching out to them through massage is an excellent choice, and taking 
Daybreak Geriatric Massage Project: 216 Pleasant Hill Ave. N., Sebastopol, 
CA 95472, 707-829-2798, www.daybreak-massage.com 
336 Massage For Dummies 
Horse massage 
people who want to learn how to massage horses, which is actually quite a 
Don Doran's Equine Sports Massage: 14735 SW 71 Avenue Road, Ocala, FL 
Jack Meagher Institute of Sports Therapy: Equine Sports Massage, P.O. Box 
Mind/body/emotion massage 
Pain relief massage 
Although every style of massage can potentially help reduce pain, there are 
21701, 301-698-0932, trains people in massage techniques to relieve the 
Appendix: Massage Resources 
Thai massage 
Institute of Thai Massage: 17/7 Morakot Road, Hah Yaek Santitham, Chiang 
Water massage 
Some very interesting types of massage can be done in the water. The buoy- 
Watsu: Massage School at Harbin Hot Springs P.O. Box 570, Middletown, CA 
Aquassage: 800-957-4808, www.massagetherapynetwork.com 
33 8 Massage For Dummies 
A college degree in massage 
If you want a college degree and a massage license, how about going to 
in Massage Therapy, the first of its kind in the United States. 
sensual massage and, 288-289 
afterglow, of a massage, 108-109 
American Massage Therapy Association 
corporate massage for, 206-207 
self-massage and, 218-219 
Association of Bodywork and Massage 
athletic performance. See sports massage 
Atlanta School of Massage, 304 
awareness, massage for increased, 
3 4 0 Massage For Dummies 
massage for, 273-277, 333 
Basic Massage Lines catalog, 331 
books, about massage, 325 
massage meditation and, 96 
self-massage and, 214 
chairs, massage, 160, 202-204, 334 
checklists, for choosing massage thera- 
Clare Maxwell Hudson's Massage, 307 
clinics, massage, 74, 86, 114. See also 
massage schools 
college degrees, in massage, 338 
massage meditation and, 96 
the “massage mood” and, 125, 126 
spiritual massage and, 98 
corporate massage 
of massage schools, 295-296 
of massages, 84-85, 316 
cranio-sacral massage, 21, 72, 336 
self-massage for, 225-228 
Massage For Dummies 
Daybreak Geriatric Massage Project, 
death, massage for individuals 
deep tissue massage, 69, 72-73, 75 
Down East School of Massage, 304, 329 
eldery, massage for the, 280-282, 335 
growth, massage for, 22 
reassurance, resulting from massage, 
energy-balancing massage, 21, 75, 334-335 
massage chairs, 160, 202-204, 334 
massage tables, 103, 105, 160, 162 
Esalen massage, 29, 31, 71, 305, 310 
esthetic massage, 20-21 
self-massage and, 216-217 
favorite places, for massage, 181 
massage routines for, 176-177, 189-194, 
Florida State Massage Therapy 
massage routines for, 176-177, 189-194, 
freedom of movement massage, 335 
gender, of massage therapists, 80 
geriatric massage, 280-282, 335 
Massage For Dummies 
Happy Massager, 159 
corporate massage for, 209-210 
horse massage, 22, 336 
Massage), 277 
IMA (international Massage Association), 
Infant Massage: A Handbook for Loving 
massage for, 273-277, 333 
Institute of Thai Massage, 306, 337 
keyboards, massage for people who work 
kiosks, massage, 255 
Massage For Dummies 
lomi lomi massage, 71 
‘ corporate massage for, 207-208 
self-massage and, 219, 220 
remedial massage and, 72 
lymphatic massage, 227. See also lym- 
Massage Australia, 82, 332 
Massage Central, 254 
Massage Company, 254 
massage meditation, 95, 96 
Massage School of Santa Monica, 110 
massage schools, 84, 303-306 
massage therapists, 291-300 
Massage Therapy Career Guide for Hands- 
massage-o-matics, 255 
mind/body/emotion massage, 336 
modalities, massage, 18-19, 20, 69 
mood, for massage, 125-127 
building, for massage, 133-137 
Therapeutic Massage and Bodywork), 
corporate massage for, 208-209 
self-massage for, 217 
neuromuscular massage, 69, 72, 337 
New Life Massage Equipment, 254 
Northern Institute of Massage, 306 
NSMT (National Sports Massage 
baby massage and, 275 
best use of, during a massage, 164 
Massage For Dummies __. 
during a massage, 134-135 
relief massage, 336-337 
performance, athletic. See sports massage 
sport massage and, 259 
Pure Pro Massage Oils, 330 
baby massage and, 275 
foot massage routine with, 232-240 
reggae massage, 123 
rehabilative massage, 19-20 
after a massage, 108 
increased, through massage, 13, 17-18 
massage techniques, 19, 70-71 
rules, for giving a massage, 166-167 
Rx (remedial) massage, 72-73 
schools, massage, 84, 303-306 
self-massage 
sensual pleasure, massage for, 22, 283-290 
setup, for massage, 162-163 
Massage For Dummies 
corporate massage for, 205-206 
spiritual massage, 21-22, 70, 98, 120, 314 
Spiritual Massage Spa, 314 
sports massage, 19, 32, 69, 73, 102 
corporate massage and, 201 
self-massage and, 217 
student massage clinics, 84, 114 
Suncoast School of Massage, 305 
Swedish massage, 26-27, 69-73, 306 
relaxation massage and, 70, 71 
tables, massage, 103, 105, 160, 162-163 
Thai massage, 69, 306, 337 
Theory and Practice of Therapeutic Massage 
therapists, massage, 291-300 
Massage For Dummies 
first, which begins a massage, 105-106, 
“for health” massage, 72 
TouchPro Chair Massage Workshops, 334 
Trager massage, 148, 335 
travel, massage during, 255, 265-270 
massage, 337 
Watsu Massage School, 337 
general massage sites, 326-330 
locating massage therapists through, 327 
for massage product, 327-328 
for massage schools, 303-306 
West Coast College of Massage Therapy, 
damaging, when giving a massage, 156 
3 5 4 Massage For Dummies 
massages, facials, pedicures, manicures, hair and make-up styling ...even body wraps and 
Master massage basics fk = 
therapeutic massage WA 
with self-massage otk “ 
massage for lovers 
\' massage apart of their lives. 
could make money if she massaged this rich guy. 
A. She agreed to go to his residence and massage him. 
until they were escorted upstairs to the massage room. Once 
in the massage room Jeffrey Epstein came into the room, he 
Once he was on the table a girl massaged each 
massage him while she was in her panties or without 
talked about the massage room had the massage table, it had 
And she told us that she was 16, she went and massaged 
massage either with their underwear on or nude; that he 
refer to these massage sessions, as “work"? 
Massage upstairs. 
A. When she'd be available to massage him. They'd 
could make $200 to massage a rich guy in West Palm Beach. 
Each girl would massage a side of Epstein, 
said that usually the massages were done when she was only 
During these massages would Epstein ever instruct 
massage room? 
to give a massage and get paid. 
massage him together. Once Epstein flipped over to when he 
the other girl would stay and massage while J went 
Q. Did they find a massage table and sex toys? 
Massage a rich guy in West Palm Beach, and she agreed to do 
A. She talked about having to massage him without her 
A. In the massage room at the West Palm Beach 
Q. During these massages, did Epstein ever instruct 
to you receiving phone calls regarding the massages 
did that house include a room that was used a massage room? 
room that was used aS a massage room? 
Epstein would direct JJ to massage him while he 
abuse started, Epstein would also bring her into his massage 
Q. Once they were all in the massage room, how would 
Epstein generally lying face down on the massage table? 
the regular massage, he would turn over to his back and he'd 
Q. Does 9 recall group sexualized massages 
Q. Did they find massage tables and sex toys? 
times when he would have to clean Epstein's massage room? 
A. He said that he found sex toys in the massage room 
axwell say anything to JJ about massages? 
Did she say anything to her about foot massages? 
Maxwell told J to give Epstein a foot massage, 
occasion when Maxwell talked about massages? 
A. Maxwell had asked =a if she ever had a massage, 
massage around her chest and breast area. 
massage. 
give Epstein a massage during this first meeting. Is that 
massage because he needs a massage every day or I get in 
sexualized massage? 
among other things, Epstein groping her and using a massager 
QO. And was the massager device like a vibrator? 
ever ask her if she knew any other girls who could massage 
Q. Did the townhouse include a massage room? 
Q. Have you yourself been in that massage room? 
that massage room looked like? 
windows. There was a massage table. There were oils. 
There was a hand-held massager in there along with 
A. It was found in a room next to the massage room. 
recruit underage girls for underage massages?" 
participated in sexualized massages with Epstein and 
give Epstein massages when she was a minor? 
Gl GN told) you he found sex toys in the massage room 
testimony that you've never given anybody a massage?" 
massage." 
Q. "You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage; is that 
Q. "You never gave i] QJ 2 massage; is that 
massage." 
Massage when they were in New Mexico? 
massages? 
anybody a massage? 
as a massage room?" 
house include a room that was used as a massage room?" 
when Epstein would direct | | to massage him while he 
abuse started Epstein would also bring her into his massage 
Q. "Once they were all in the massage room, how would 
Epstein generally lying face down on the massage table?" 
with the regular massage, he would turn over on his back, 
Q. "Does = recall group sexualized massages 
where he would have to clean Epstein's massage room?" 
A. "He said that he found sex toys in the massage 
you, did Maxwell say anything to = about massages?" 
massages?" 
A. "Maxwell told | | to give Epstein a foot massage 
occasion when Maxwell talked about massages?" 
massage, and Maxwell told her she could give her one. So 
proceeded to massage around her chest and breast area." 
to give Epstein a massage." 
her to give Epstein a massage during this first meeting, is 
Jeffrey a massage because he needs a massage every day or I 
sexualized massage?" 
among other things, Epstein groping her and using a massager 
QO. "And was the massager device like a vibrator?" 
ever asked her if she knew any other girls who could massage 
QO. "Did the townhouse include a massage room?" 
Q. “Have you yourself been in that massage room?" 
that massage room looked like?" 
windows. There was a massage table; there were oils, there 
was a handheld massager in there; along with handcuffs, a 
A. "It was found in a room next to the massage room." 
underage girls for underage massages?'" 
participated in sexualized massages with Epstein and 
asked her to give Epstein massages when she was a minor?" 
lar p | told you he found sex toys and a massager in 
that you've never given anybody a massage?'" 
A. "'T've not given anyone a massage.'" 
Q. ""You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage? Is that 
Q. ""You never gave all a massage? Ist 
A. "'T never gave po a massage.'" 
massage when they were in New Mexico?" 
A. They went upstairs to the massage room. They set 
up the massage room, waited for Epstein to enter. At that 
point they participated in giving him a massage. 
Q. How did F | describe the massage room in the 
inside of it. And inside of the closet had a massage table 
seeing in and around the massage room? 
Q. After ma and 7} had set up the massage 
A. Jeffrey Epstein came into the room; they massaged 
him. At some point during the massage he turned over and 
massage? 
Q. At the end of the massage what happened? 
sexualized massages to Jeffrey Epstein between 2001 and 
she massaged Jeffrey Epstein? 
she schedule times to massage Epstein at his house? 
ask to schedule a time to massage Epstein? 
assistant who made phone calls, arranged massage 
massage appointments with Epstein, did Maxwell ever tell 
to schedule appointments for =z to massage Epstein? 
each massage appointment? 
A. She would go upstairs and arrange the massage room 
and the massage table. 
QO. Once aw was in the massage room, what 
the table. She would begin her massage. During the massage 
during the massages? 
Q. On a few occasions during these massages did 
massage ended with Epstein ejaculating; so is it ee a) 
recollection that every single massage she performed for 
Q. After each massage, what happened? 
massage? 
massage? 
massage appointments for Epstein? 
A. It happened in the massage room. 
A. She recalls being in the massage room undressing; 
massage room when Maxwell was present? 
A. For getting prepared for the massage with 
ie did P| ever participate in massages with 
She recalls at one point during the massage Jeffrey Epstein 
Q. Did p | ever bring other girls to massage 
during the massage 
After each massage would both = and the girl 
Flowers, a book called "Massage for Dummies," and 
massage Epstein on a small number of occasions? 
numerous paid sexualized massages to Epstein at 
schedule massage appointments with Epstein? 
25 to them that no could go to massage an old man and she 
with mn to do the massage. 
schedule appointments for aa to massage Epstein? 
massages. 
massages to Epstein but felt that there may have also been 
A. He recalls driving Maxwell to a massage 
while she got her massage. When she was done she 
massage Epstein so that she could get more money for drugs? 
Q. Additionally, were multiple massage tables seized 
based on those photographs and that video, what the massage 
walls of the massage room, there were multiple photographs, 
Q. Was there also a massage table in that closet? 
A. Yes. Photographed was a massage table inside of 
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages during which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
massage Epstein. 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused Minor Victim-3. 
of a sexualized massage. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
anybody a massage? 
A. I_have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
2. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
massages? 
anybody a massage? 
A. I have not given anyone a massage. 
massage is your testimony? 
did that house include a room that was used a massage room? 
room that was used as a massage room? 
would direct (J to massage him while he 
abuse started, Epstein would also bring her into his massage 
Q. Once they were all in the massage room, how would 
Epstein generally lying face down on the massage table? 
the regular massage, he would turn over to his back and he'd 
Q. Does Qi recall group sexualized massages 
Did they find massage tables ana sex toys? 
times when he would have to clean Epstein's massage room? 
A. He said that he found sex toys in the massage room 
you, did Maxwell say anything to [jj about massages? 
Q. Did she say anything to her about foot massages? 
A. Maxwell told = to give Epstein a foot massage, 
occasion when Maxwell talked about massages? 
A. Maxwell had asked =) if she ever had a massage, 
massage around her chest and breast area. 
massage. 
give Epstein a massage during this first meeting. Is that 
Massage because he needs a massage every day or I get in 
sexualized massage? 
among other things, Epstein groping her and using a massager 
Q. And was the massager device like a vibrator? 
ever ask her if she knew any other girls who could massage 
Q. Did the townhouse include a massage room? 
Have you yourself been in that massage room? 
that massage room locked like? 
There was a massage table. There were oils. 
a hand-held massager in there along with 
It was found in a room next to the massage room. 
recruit underage girls for underage massages?" 
participated in sexualized massages with Epstein and 
give Epstein massages when she was a minor? 
GS 02d) you he found sex toys in the massage room 
testimony that you've never given anybody a massage?" 
massage." 
Q. "You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage; is that 
Q. "You never gave fh oe —a a massage; is that 
massage." 
massage when they were in New Mexico? 
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages during which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
massage Epstein. 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused Minor Victim-3. 
of a sexualized massage. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
anybody a massage? 
A. I have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
8 man a massage that she knows. [9 agrees, and this 
paid for giving this massage? 
massage that was going to take place? 
out a massage table and set it up, prepare it. She also 
takes out some lotions to be used during the massage. 
A Mr. Epstein gets on the massage table lying on 
his stomach and instructs Hill how to do the massage. He 
on how to actually perform the massage. At one point 
during the massage he tells hin that she would be more 
Q What happens as she is providing the massage to 
A The massage goes on. She said the entire 
massage lasted anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes. At one 
massaging his chest. So she begins to massage his chest. 
a massage. faa agrees. He asked her if he could a 
At some point during that massage 
her surroundings in that massage area? 
the massage took place, was there anything in particular 
Q While the massage was going on, did Mr. Epstein 
8 massage. So at that particular time isos] did not know why 
GH bad had time to give a massage. 
21 massage, told about getting $200, but that she was not 
didn't know she would have to perform the massage naked. 
approached her about making money and giving a massage to 
makes $200 if she performed a massage for Mr. 
massages. She remained clothed both times that 
she gave him a massage. At this time, she kept 
grabbed and pulled at her during the massage 
place on those first couple of massages, and she 
Q Now after those first few massages, was 
Massages after that break, the massages became 
would perform massages completely nude. 
many occasions she performed the massages to Mr. 
A Yes. Several times during the massages, 
last massage that she had given Mr. Epstein. 
appointment for the massage as well as another 
the last massage, they were able to see that that 
Did ian describe how the massage 
massages, to give massages to Mr. Epstein, and 
massages? 
25 for these massages? 
end of the massage. 
some money giving a massage to Mr. Epstein and 
she did not go upstairs and give him a massage. 
massages for Mr. Epstein. 
activity. She would just perform a massage. 
performed two to three massages out of those five 
fourth massage, he told her that she could make 
she stayed clothed during the first few massages, 
and she was paid $200 for each of those massages. 
On the third or fourth massage, 
A She would perform the massage. 
number of massages that QJ did versus the 
number of massages that i} did? 
Mr. Epstein massages when she was 16, she performed a 
few massages for Mr. Epstein and then took kind of a 
pa i when = was providing massages and as we will 
appointments, massage appointments for Epstein. 
During the massages and on more than one 
zz upstairs for these massages and Mr. Epstein gave 
13 these massages. 
performing massages for Mr. Epstein. 
know and he will stop, and the first massage that | 
she told him no, and throughout the massage he would 
EE «ous this first massage and pulled her 
Upon leaving the first massage Mr. Epstein 
massages for Mr. Epstein. We have with ) =| 
when we got to the sexual massages that she did for 
She did three to four massages and those last 
massages they became more sexual in nature, he asked her 
boyfriend. In the last massage she discusses with me, 
and this massage Mr. Epstein told her to stop being shy 
this last massage get down to her bra and underwear. 
underwear, but during the massage he grabbed her bra and 
he knew that she was upset with this massage. 
And that's pretty much the way that last massage went. 
massages, correct? 
talked about the last massage and him grabbing her 
stopped the massage and we calmed her down, trying to go 
massages that happened? 
massages, they engaged in conversation and throughout 
set up, arrange massage appointments for Epstein, we 
massage table, she would set the massage table up as 
those massages Epstein would grab and pull a closer 
massages that took place, we talked about the money that 
three to four massages that Jane Doe, Jj or 
four massages. 
5 stated that she had three or four massages from 
* 10 she said happened during those three to four massages, 
17 up with the amount of massages. 
perform a massage. 
wanted to make a few bucks by giving a man a massage. She 
and she agreed to go to his house to give him a massage. 
giving Mr. Epstein massages. 
could make a few bucks giving a topless massage? 
massage table and she begins to massage him. 
topless massages, and he told her that he did. And she 
during the first massage. But i=" is clear that Mr. 
Epstein did not at any point touch her during the massage. 
A Yes. On the second massage, Mr. Epstein asked 
was left there. On the second massage, she returned the 
very next day and gave him another massage. This time, 
tell you that she performed massages? 
A She wasn't able to give us a number of massages, 
giving him massages for a year. 
other girls to perform massages, and that was one of the 
Once bs] started giving massages to Epstein, 
a massage for him. 
massage? 
share with her everything that happened after the massage, 
massages at this time, that she's admitted to. We feel 
stated to us that she has performed three or four massages 
the massages increased, you can see that the next time she 
disrobe on the second massage. She takes off her blouse, 
in the last massage. She said that throughout all of 
these massages he was very nice, and then at the end he 
and asked her if she wanted to perform massages for 
massage? 
Yes, and performed a massage for him in the 
<= took Ea upstairs for that massage, and she also 
set up the massage table and arranged the oil and lotions 
for FRR to do that massage. 
his massages. 
Pertaining to ms during the massage that | 
He i during that massage, and she 
bedroom and that's where the massage took place. 
I wouldn't have it, so after the massage he gave 
in the middle laid the massage table, and then to 
Q And so the massage table was already set 
Massage began and later on he -- when he got in, I 
then the massage or whatever was over? 
me to not massage him anymore, but asked me if I 
more massages? 
Q After that first massage, did you 
perform any other massages at his house? 
8 |massages and they would get paid $200. 
girl to come and give a massage? 
over and massage or can she work? 
while I waited downstairs. after the massage, the 
did the massages get paid? 
massage table was. 
the massage table and then I would tell them 
the massage table, did you ever see any other 
implements that were used during the massage? | 
maybe it was even when I first massaged him, there 
Massager, but I wasn't really paying attention. 
Epstein the massage, did he ask for your telephone 
Massage? 
residence and had performed sexual massages or massages 
to come and work, perform the massages for Mr. Epstein, 
for the girls to come and perform their sexual massages. 
massage, possibly model lingerie, they went there 
these massages. 
They are not trained in performing massages, 
contacted to give Mr. Epstein massages that have no 
training in massages, and that MR GHB was aware 
friends to do these massages. 
legitimate massages for Mr. Epstein from legitimate 
masseuses that would come and give him massages, so the 
doing the massage the way he would like it and 
the massages and she in fact if she brought another 
didn't have to do the massage, but you also got ( 
did the massage would you get anywhere from 200 to 
were initially recruited to provide “massages” to EPSTEIN, which 
she typically would be escorted to a room with a massage table, 
where she would perform a massage on JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
undress before beginning the “massage.” During the encounter, 
additional girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in 
massages to and engage in sex acts with JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
inside, the victim would provide a nude or semi-nude massage for 
am... shower or steam before massages, sometimes invited|fifto join him 
° believes she received up to $500 for some massages 
11 perform massages? 
18 Jeffrey massages were adults over the age of 
3 massages? 
8 him massages that were not professional 
10 massage is your testimony? 
12 massage. 
e Children who were made to give Epstein massages while they 
of the women’s conduct was limited to performing a topless or nude massage while Mr. Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages — which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
massage Epstein. | 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused wnor Victim-3. 
of a sexualized massage. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
anybody a massage? 
A. I have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
({had] a scheme to recruit underage girls for sexual massages? If you know.” Maxwell replied, “I 
might have had sex with. Maxwell was also grilled extensively about massages: when, where, 
(4) she never gave anyone, including Accuser-2*, a massage. 
in 2005, after the parents of a 14-year-old girl complained that Epstein had paid her for a massage. 
personal assistants to recruit girls to provide massages to him, and in many instances, those 
massages led to sexual activity. After the PBPD brought the case to the State Attorney’s Office, a 
who scheduled hundreds of sexual massages with minors for Epstein but was also a victim of his 
massages, etc. Can you tell me which if any we have attempted to engage and, for those we have not, thoughts on 
massages, etc. Can you tell me which if any we have attempted to engage and, for those we have not, thoughts on 
in 2005, after the parents of a 14-year-old girl complained that Epstein had paid her for a massage. 
personal assistants to recruit girls to provide massages to him, and in many instances, those 
massages led to sexual activity. After the PBPD brought the case to the State Attorney’s Office, a 
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages during which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
victim to massage Epstein at his Palm Beach Residence. MAXWELL 
be escorted to a room with a massage table. Once inside, the 
victim would provide a nude or semi-nude massage for EPSTEIN, 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
massage Epstein. 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused Minor Victim-3. 
of a sexualized massage. 
Epstein with sexualized massages for which Minor Victim-4 was 
was nude in the massage room of the Palm Beach Residence. On 
Victim-4 provided nude massages to Epstein at the Palm Beach 
schedule appointments for Minor Victim-4 to massage Epstein. 
After each massage, Epstein or one of his employees, including 
recruit other young females to provide sexualized massages to 
massages for Epstein at the Palm Beach Residence. On such 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
for Minor Victim-4 to massage Epstein. For example, in or about 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
anybody a massage? 
A. I_ have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
girls for massages and sometimes sex at his El Brillo Way home. 
girls between the ages of 14 and 16 over to Epstein’s house in Palm Beach to “massage” 
passionate about massage,” as one of his lawyers says. 
that he was doing well and working steadily—between massages.” 
wealthy man a massage for monetary compensation in his Palm Beach mansion. Under Epstein’s 
would be enticed by the money being offered - generally $200 to $300 per “massage” session - and 
would then bring the girl up a flight of stairs to a bedroom that contained a massage table in addition 
wearing only a towel. He would then remove his towel, lay down naked on the massage table, and 
give Epstein a massage for monetary compensation. Ms. = brought Jane to Epstein’s mansion 
with the massage ob. 
another assistant] was, ‘Are you willing to come over,’ or, ‘Would you like to come over and give a massage.” TrA 
no routine or habit suggesting an intent to transform a massage into an illegal sexual act. For instance, Ms. IJ stated 
that Mr. Epstein “never touched [her] physically” and that all she did was “massage[ ] his back, his chest and his thighs and 
police say gave him sexual massages at his Intracoastal home were under the legal 
naked for massages and sexual activity. She was 16 years old at the time and said Epstein asked her 
Epstein's youngest alleged victim was 14 when she says she gave him a massage that included some 
Some of the alleged victims in the Epstein case returned to his home multiple times for the massage 
month for a status hearing. The New York resident is accused of luring young girls to his mansion for massages 
gain access to economically disadvantaged younger girls in his home for paid massages. 
topless massages to him at his Palm Beach home in exchange for money. Mr. Epstein’s assistants 
allegedly scheduled these massages for him over the telephone at the direction of Mr. Epstein, 
know who would be providing a massage at any particular time. Fourth, and importantly, Mr. 
conduct with certain underage women who arrived at his house to provide a massage. At times, 
during these massages, Mr. Epstein masturbated, engaged in some sexual touching, and a small 
number of alleged acts of penetration. However, most of the women who performed massages on 
alleged icin _a Indeed, many of the women also worked at local massage parlors, 
As explained below, any factual allegations of repeat massages with such persons would lack 
the massages allegedly involved conduct which, even if engaged in, is not proscribed by federal law, 
involved topless massages, massages in undergarments or naked massages. To the extent prohibited 
him a massage. That fact is confirmed by, among other things, testimony that “he 
massage were over 18. 
also self represented that she worked at a local erotic massage parlor that presumably required a 
So I said I was 18. As I was giving him a massage, he was like how old are you. 
unlawful sexual activity during a massage, such persuasion occurred face to face, and can not work 
that they worked at local massage parlors, which presumably would have imposed a legal age 
evidence that Mr. Epstein routinely and daily receives massages from adults. Only a 
undisputed that Mr. Epstein’s assistants scheduled the massages and Mr. Epstein did not 
know which masseuses his assistants had scheduled on a particular day, until the massage 
perform massages. He did not personally schedule the massage appointments or communicate 
massages. The phone message pad taken from his house and in the possession of the 
The majority of the massages were just that and nothing else. Mr. Epstein often would be 
on the telephone conducting business while he received his massage. At times, the masseuses 
whether sexual activity would necessarily result from a scheduled massage. And certainly, no 
phone visited Mr. Epstein’s house and did not perform a massage at all. Where sexual activity 
and resulted from face-to-face conversations during the massage. Thus, the fact that Mr. Epstein 
massage does not work retroactively to render the earlier scheduling phone call an offense under 
“sexual intercourse.” As a result, topless massages—even ones for hire that include self- 
Epstein’s assistant themselves in order to determine whether he wanted a massage. Nor can the 
decided to travel, from whom he was to receive a massage, if he were to receive one at all. 
of consensual topless massages and some sexual contact, entirely in the privacy of his home and 
o Ms. ian stated “sometimes [Mr. Epstein] likes topless massages, but 
massages.” See Tab 6, Tr., p. 7. 
massaged. Sometimes he just wanted a back massage.” See Tab 6, 
“Would you like to come over and give a massage.” See Tab 14, iia Tr. 
Epstein’s house to give him a massage and nothing else, and that no one 
o Ms. te stated, “I said, I told Jeffrey, I heard you like massages topless. 
(f) “instant massage name” moans an identifier thet allows a person to communicate In reni 
interstate communication) requesting that she perform a massage in exchange for payment. As 
Defendant well knew, that request was fraudulent, as he not only intended to receive a massage, 
each in return for naked massages at his Palm Beach home that sometimes became sexual. 
Prosecutors said he recruited girls to give him massages, which became sexual in nature. Epstein had pleaded not guilty. 
Prosecutors said he recruited girls to give him massages, which became sexual in nature. Epstein had pleaded not guilty. 
massages for money. See Fierro v. Taylor, No. 11-CV8573, 2012 WL 13042630, at *3 
Epstein and/or his agents to perform a personal massage on him at his private residence, located at 
Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to EPSTEIN, which became increasingly 
room where they would perform a massage on EPSTEIN, during which EPSTEIN would 
his employees or associates would contact victims to schedule appointments for “massages.” As 
victims to recruit additional minor girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in sex acts 
JE received between 2 and 4 massages every day when he was in Palm Beach 
JE’s massage appointments were set up through his assistants (i) 
massages; when person rang doorbell, WB let her in; most of time, they waited in kitchen; 
WB waited until I or IJ showed up and took person up to massage room 
Bl did not recall answering phone calls where people said they wanted to give a massage 
People who came to give JE massages did not wear uniforms; they wore casual clothes 
People giving massages were female; they were not professional, trained masseuses; they 
did not show up with equipment to give massages 
pick them up after massage 
WB understood that all the girls coming to give massages were “school girls” 
> also recalled Ms. Maxwell repeatedly asking whether she wanted a massage. Eventually relenting, 
followed directions by taking off her clothes and bra and getting under a sheet on a massage table. 
Ms. Maxwell performed the massage, at one point having lie on her back as Ms. Maxwell pulled 
down the sheet to massage her chest. 
> Have you ever gotten a massage? 
> - BB wanted a massage. 
> I'm very skilled in massage, right, and so I want to make sure you get a massage. 
> She was skilled in massage. Yeah. 
> But I had never had a professional massage before. So I didn't know what really was involved in that. And so 
> Ghislaine performs the massage. 
> And she remembers how Ghislaine then went on to massage her chest. 
in the massage. But she has this sense that he's in the area, that the doors are open, it's kind of an open area where 
she's getting the massage. 
Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to EPSTEIN, which became increasingly 
room where they would perform a massage on EPSTEIN, during which EPSTEIN would 
his employees or associates would contact victims to schedule appointments for “massages.” As 
victims to recruit additional minor girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in sex acts 
cash, in at least two different states. Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to the 
story, someone who flies too close to the sun,” I said. *Did Icarus like massages?’ Epstein asked.”). 
similar ways. Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to the defendant, which 
close to the sun,’ I said. ‘Did Icarus like massages?’ Epstein asked.”). 
locations, victims were initially recruited to provide massages 
the room where the abuse occurred, your Honor, the massage 
with a massage table and sex paraphernalia. 
with victim accounts, is it limited to the massage table and 
massage room or is there something else? 
cia Descriptions of the massage room and 
the massage table, that's correct, your Honor. 
locations, victims were initially recruited to provide massages 
the room where the abuse occurred, your Honor, the massage 
with a massage table and sex paraphernalia. 
with victim accounts, is it limited to the massage table and 
Massage room or is there something else? 
MR. SMM: «3S «Descriptions of the massage room and 
the massage table, that's correct, your Honor. 
eo We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
o We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
o We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
o We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
o We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
o We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
o We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
o We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the 
oe We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
20. Relating to the scheduling of any massages for or by Mr. Epstein. 
discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage Epstein, and 
sexualized massages during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as 
well as group sexualized massages of Epstein involving a minor victim where 
charged crimes [and (ii)] her [unspecified] role in scheduling sexualized massages for Jeffrey 
"role" did she play in scheduling massages after the conclusion of the charged conspiracy? For 
unspecified documents or scheduling of unspecified massages, "among other things," could be 
phenomenon. Ms. Maxwell is not accused of soliciting or enticing sexualized massages for 
provide sexualized massages for Mr. Epstein, which would amount to grooming-by-proxy. 
Massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages during which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
Massage Epstein. 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused Minor Victim-3. 
of a sexualized massage. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
anybody a massage? 
A. I have not given anyone a massage. 
0. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
Gi You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
massage therapists, chefs, pilots, houses from ranch and employees who worked 
got his massages. GM bathroom attached to master bedroom was where basket 
o Page 36 || recalls that he would weekly wipe and sanitize massage tables 
for sexual massages? If you know. 
Massage? 
Ae I_ have not given anyone a massage. 
QO. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your testimony? 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
during naked massage sessions, then paying them hundreds of dollars in cash. He also asked some of the 
Mr. Epstein is accused of having the girls perform nude massages, at which point he would masturbate and 
old — to give him massages while nude or topless 
During the massages, he engaged in various sex 
massages from young girls and young women 
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages during which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
Massage Epstein. 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused Minor Victim-3. 
of a sexualized massage. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
anybody a massage? 
A. I_have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
A. I_never gave (Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
they would receive $200 to give a man a massage. The girls have alleged that they were coerced into sex. 
Prosecutors have accused Epstein of arranging for girls under the age of 18 to perform nude “massages” and 
they would receive $200 to give a man a massage. The girls have alleged that they were coerced into sex. 
Prosecutors have accused Epstein of arranging for girls under the age of 18 to perform nude “massages” and 
: Did you ever give a massage to anyone other than Mr. Epstein at any of Mr. Epstein’s properties? 
: First of all, | never said | gave Mr. Epstein a massage. 
| don’t give massages. 
: Let’s just tie that down. Is it your testimony that you've never given anybody a massage? 
: | have not given anyone a massage. 
: You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your testimony? 
: You never gave (J a massage is your testimony? 
: [never gave J a massage. 
who scheduled hundreds of sexual massages with minors for Epstein but was also a victim of his 
disclosed to detectives that the defendant had paid Witness-1 to bring girls for sexualized massages, and 
the defendant's residence for sexualized massages. She initially told these victims that 
for sexualized massages, and that the defendant told her: “the younger the 
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages — which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
massage Epstein. | 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused wnor Victim-3. 
of a sexualized massage. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
anybody a massage? 
A. I have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
in forced labor (such as providing massages) and, ultimately, sexual servitude at his little St. James 
58. Another victim, who was first engaged in provide massages to Epstein, was then 
pretext that they would be paid substantially merely to provide massages to him and others. 
the girls for the massage they 
females calling regarding providing massages to EPSTEIN. He also 
movie, Maxwell repeatedly told that she wanted to give her a massage. J was very 
demands. [J said that she had never had a massage and tried to avoid having Maxwell touch 
clothes and lay on the massage table. [J was extremely scared to be naked in front of 
massage. 
followed directions by taking off her clothes and bra and getting under a sheet on a massage table. 
Ms. Maxwell performed the massage, at one point having MJ lie on her back as Ms. Maxwell pulled 
down the sheet to massage her chest. 
a also recalled Ms. Maxwell repeatedly asking whether she wanted a massage. Eventually relenting, 
> Have you ever gotten a massage? 
> - BBB wanted a massage. 
> I'm very skilled in massage, right, and so I want to make sure you get a massage. 
> She was skilled in massage. Yeah. 
> But I had never had a professional massage before. So I didn't know what really was involved in that. And so 
> Ghislaine performs the massage. 
> And she remembers how Ghislaine then went on to massage her chest. 
in the massage. But she has this sense that he's in the area, that the doors are open, it's kind of an open area where 
she's getting the massage. 
give him “massages.” The rich exploit the poverty of their victims to extract 
appointments for women and girls, including dozens of minors, to massage Epstein. Over the course of 
that several year period, Epstein received approximately two to three massages per day, and during 
those massage appointments, Epstein sexually abused dozens of minor victims. The vast majority of the 
massage appointments that [J scheduled took place at Epstein’s residence in Palm Beach, Florida, 
though some victims recall that JJ arranged massages which took place at Epstein’s residence in New 
York, New York. J has reported that she has no recollection of scheduling massages for anyone in 
New York. [J did occasionally schedule massages to take place in Florida by phone while she was in 
personal assistant and Ghislaine Maxwell to contact women and girls to massage Epstein. Over the 
Through the process of arranging and facilitating massage appointments for Epstein, JJ met dozens 
for the appointments at Palm Beach, [J sometimes met them, walked them up to the massage room, 
and set up the massage table for the appointment. After some of the appointments, [J paid minor 
victims in cash. Epstein encouraged minor victims to bring other girls to massage him, which led to an 
increasing number of victims coming to massage Epstein at his residences. 
During some of the massage appointments with minor girls that JJ scheduled, Epstein sexually 
GE was present for and participated in one massage when Victim-1 was a minor, during which Epstein 
HEB in Epstein’s massage room. J has informed the U.S. Attorney’s Office that she denies 
minors, arising from the massage appointments, some of which J had scheduled. After learning 
federal agents that Epstein paid them for sexualized massages while they were underage girls, including 
during massages that JJ scheduled. 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
She said Epstein gave her a book called Massage for Dummies. 
He said he would pay for massage school for her. She decided to go. She did tell him she was 
asked if 2a wanted to make money by giving a guy a massage. w@ 
the closet handing on the wall and the massage table. 
ioe 2 showed ied how to set up the massage table, where the oils and lotions 
also saw massagers that she later learned were sex toys. 
massage table on his stomach. 
= JE did not touch during this massage. 
After the massage, ea gave $400. ea got $600. | recalls the 
gi could massage JE again. BB gave Maxwell her cellphone number. ei saw 
° ctl provided over 100 paid sexualized massages to JE after that first time. About 2 or 3 
o The details of each massage run together in Ss memory, but certain events 
o To schedule massages, either Maxwell or zz would call a. Sometimes B 
called herself to ask if she could schedule a massage when she ran out of money 
and iii fia asa phone number to schedule [J for massages 
day JE tried to put a massager on = vagina). WB told Maxwell that 
Maxwell told Pe that JE would pay for a to go to massage school, but 
gave BBB with a book called Massage for Dummies. 
the office. Maxwell continued to call J to schedule massages with JE 
o After going into the kitchen for each massage, ii | went upstairs into JE’s 
bathroom, put the massage table together, then got undressed. 
o Maxwell saw & nude in the massage room about two times when Pui was about 
= After Maxwell saw [J nude in the massage room, Maxwell called [J to 
schedule additional massage appointments about a couple more times 
fe — came into the massage room and saw io naked in the room a couple times. 
o During massage appointments, JE would come in, ifs would first massage JE for 
o During the massage portion, JE would engage a. conversation. 
alcoholic. JE asked if [J had ever been to a massage shop, and [J said 
o After each massage, fi 3] would get paid. 
* Massage for Dummies book 
o Each massage with JE lasted about one hour 
* After the massage part, JE would roll over, masturbate, tell iz} to touch 
* JE masturbated during every massage 
* JE touched csi breasts during every massage 
= JE touched [J buttocks during every massage 
* JE touched ic "i vagina during a couple massages 
massage teacher, a man who took me in as his apprentice to 
began my massage, trying not to let him smell my 
asked if I would give him a massage, and over four visits, 
ii. Any and all massage tables and massage paraphernalia. 
women located in the Massage Room, as defined herein. 
vy. Any and all sex toys and sex paraphernalia located in the Massage 
Residence with a massage table, where she would perform a massage on EPSTEIN. The victims, 
fully undress before beginning the “massage.” During the encounter, EPSTEIN would escalate 
recruit additional minor girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in sex acts with 
EPSTEIN typically abused her in a room she described as a “massage room,” (the “Massage 
Room”), which contained a massage table, and was decorated with artwork depicting naked 
occurred in the Massage Room, Victim-1 has stated that EPSTEIN would often Saaz 
interviews of Victim-1, appears to be consistent with Victim-1’s descriptions of the Massage 
Room. The room contained a table covered with a sheet, and appeared to be a massage table. The 
of the Massage Room. The paintings and photographs depict nude females. One of the 
photographs appears to depict a nude girl. Thus, it appears that the Massage Room was in 
One disc is marked “Thai Massage.” Another disc is marked “Blonde Girl Photo Shoot.” Yet 
Seized Discs, Epstein continued to maintain a “massage room” complete with a massage table and 
Massage? 
A. I have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your 
QO. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your testimony? 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
o We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages during which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
victim to massage Epstein at his Palm Beach Residence. MAXWELL 
be escorted to a room with a massage table. Once inside, the 
victim would provide a nude or semi-nude massage for EPSTEIN, 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
massage Epstein. 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused Minor Victim-3. 
of a sexualized massage. 
Epstein with sexualized massages for which Minor Victim-4 was 
was nude in the massage room of the Palm Beach Residence. On 
Victim-4 provided nude massages to Epstein at the Palm Beach 
schedule appointments for Minor Victim-4 to massage Epstein. 
After each massage, Epstein or one of his employees, including 
recruit other young females to provide sexualized massages to 
massages for Epstein at the Palm Beach Residence. On such 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
for Minor Victim-4 to massage Epstein. For example, in or about 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
anybody a massage? 
A. I_ have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
mentioned he often liked to get massages. | often went with my friend fo nightclubs in NYC and she 
quick massage to a man who looks very much like him. Then he proceeded to 
international travel, and massages. {J worked at the Jupiter Gym, which is now known as Elite Gym of 
remembered Maxwell mentioned Victoria Secret and massages. 
massages or other sexual activity with Epstein. The messages 
constantly being massaged by them and he wants me to keep the door shut for what 
back with me, but I never met up with her. I proceeded get a short course in Thai massage 
first forced into all this because I wanted to be a massage therapist. Epstein had taken me into 
plane ticket to Thailand to go to Chaing Mai to learn Thai massage. This sounded like my 
22. I did the massage training in Chiang Mai. I meta truly great and special guy and told him 
| GX-51__|FloridaMassage Table 20210 
|__GX-57__ |New York Massage Table 202110. 
| GX-420-B _|List of PB New Shampoo and Massage Products-Metadata ss  —C—C—CSCSCSCiT 202 
| GX-421-B [Massage Therapist Help Wanted Ad-Metadata E202 
| no Wife no kids when he received Massage . 
cor & she can aye ove massage “1 ere 
initially recruited to provide “massages” to EPSTEIN, which 
would be escorted to a room with a massage table, where she 
would perform a massage on JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant. The 
before beginning the “massage.” During the encounter, EPSTEIN 
“massages” at the New York Residence. In other instances, 
minor girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in sex 
“massages” to and engage in sex acts with JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
massage for EPSTEIN, who would himself typically be naked. 
ii. Any and all massage tables and massage paraphernalia. 
women located in the Massage Room, as defined herein. 
v. Any and all sex toys and sex paraphernalia located in the Massage 
by Epstein and/or his agents to perform a personal massage on him at his private residence, 
by Epstein and/or his agents to perform a personal massage on him at his private residence, 
began giving Epstein a “massage,” Epstein and Maxwell turned it into a sexual encounter, as 
make $300 cash by giving an old man a massage on Palm Beach. An acquaintance of Jane Doe 
to go to Epstein’s house to give him a massage. During that call, Epstein himself got on the 
over approximately a year, Ms as enticed to provide nude massages, and was paid $300 in cash each 
recruited her to give Epstein a massage at his Palm Beach house, during which Epstein touched 
ecruited one other minor girl to give Epstein a massage. 
or 17 years old, her friend recruited her to give Epstein massages at his Palm Beach house. She provided him with 
at least two massages and was during both. During the first, Epstein Inn 
result, sf secure numerous massages for Epstein. According to Ms 
massages every day: one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Ms. 
for ensuring that these massages were confirmed when Epstein was in . as responsible 
for scheduling the massages in]. At some point, Epstein and Ve" aving sexual encounters. 
 At least some of these encounters involved a0]. be Epstein with his massages when 
they were in the Virgin Islands. As a result, Ms. as aware that his massages were sexual. vs 
described how Epstein had two groups of girls who provided massages in his homes: one group was of 
professional masseuses who gave actual massages to Epstein’s friends, and the second group consisted of young 
girls who were not professional masseuses and who only gave massages to Epstein. Ms called certain 
birthday, Epstein began having rive him massages, haz 
During that trip, Epstejp a. a massage. Between 2007 
scheduling sexualized massages for Jeffrey Epstein with underage girls. 
encouraging them to massage Epstein, and undressing in front of a victim. 
for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages during which a 
minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein involving a minor 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage Epstein, and 
sexualized massages during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as 
well as group sexualized massages of Epstein involving a minor victim where 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages during which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
massage Epstein. 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused Minor Victim-3. 
of a sexualized massage. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
anybody a massage? 
A. I_have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
Q. You never gave (Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
A. I_never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
girls for sexual massages . . . [i]f you know”; and (b) when she testified, “I’m not aware of 
Massage, massages, and/or masseuses. 
iv. Massage, massages, and/or masseuses. 
Massage, massages, and/or masseuses. 
vi. Massage, massages, and/or masseuses. 
Massage, massages, and/or masseuses. 
vi. Massage, massages, and/or masseuses. 
7 _ also recalled Ms. Maxwell repeatedly asking whether she wanted a massage. Eventually relenting, 
followed directions by taking off her clothes and bra and getting under a sheet on a massage table. 
Ms. Maxwell performed the massage, at one point having [MMM lie on her back as Ms. Maxwell pulled 
down the sheet to massage her chest. 
> Have you ever gotten a massage? 
> - BB wanted a massage. 
> I'm very skilled in massage, right, and so I want to make sure you get a massage. 
> She was skilled in massage. Yeah. 
> But I had never had a professional massage before. So I didn't know what really was involved in that. And so 
> Ghislaine performs the massage. 
> And she remembers how Ghislaine then went on to massage her chest. 
in the massage. But she has this sense that he's in the area, that the doors are open, it's kind of an open area where 
she's getting the massage. 
e Regularly gave Epstein massages. Sometimes he masturbated. 
Manipulated into stripping down to her panties during the massages. 
massage room. Once or twice a week for a year. 
bit different?" she recalls him saying. "Why don't you do the massage 
massage him. For the rest of the trip, Epstein repeatedly raped 
Epstein’s room, where he would touch her, use massage devices on 
21 when she met Epstein. Studying to be a massage therapist. Flown | in NYC, first | hetos://www.nbenews.com/news/us-news/how-british-teen-madel-was- 
is od told her Jeffrey wanted a massage. In massage room, he | First rape in cao 
Raped a few months later after a handful of massage sessions. 
In USVI, Tugged her towards bed during massage, unbuttoning her 
Introduced in LA — Flew her to NM. During a massage, he fondled her | PB, USVI, https://heavy.com/news/2019/11/—_ 
e Foot massages in NM with Maxwell, pointers on how to do it how 
¢ Maxwell gives her a nude massage. Epstein does not participate, but 
e On bed with Epstein & Maxwell — asked to give foot massage 
e Maxwell taught her how to give Epstein massages, oral sex, and 
Gave Maxwell a massage. Maxwell told her she’d be massaging 
Epstein. She then paid J $100 for the massage and told her to 
give Epstein “whatever he wants” during his massage because 
questions. He eventually asked her to give him a foot massage. She 
massage. As IJ began massaging Epstein’s foot, he started 
Massages. Came out in a towel. Told her to undress to her 
Epstein a massage. 
During massage, he asked her to rub his back. Kept asking to go lower 
e On the island, she was called in for massages. 
moved to the massage table and began to remove his clothes. He was 
e Massaged Epstein for 30 minutes. Epstein asked her to take her ald-and-still-in-braces-when-abuse-began/ 
e Epstein asked if she would give him a massage. 
¢ Innocent massage turned sexual almost immediately 
to the massage table and showed her the vibrator. 
“It’s the Icarus story, someone who flies too close to the sun,” | said. “Did Icarus like massages?” Epstein asked. 
Ouse oF upstars naked cn massage 
-~ wanted massage person be Mere tro 
gave me F girl massages 
auger tb give massages 
ee ee he gave massages 
Massage s — putcide In lawn Chae Cae) by co | 
of women and numerous references to massages through daily calendars, phone 
around the pool area t opiess, and that people were ilways gett ing massages. | 
> Massage~a tech did it), but Epstein had BBB cake her top off foy 
“group sexualized massages” of Epstein (€ 7a). 
“group sexualized massage” and identify the criminal statute(s) the conduct allegedly 
violates and the other participants in those massages (4 7a). 
Victim-1 in these massages and how Ms. Maxwell allegedly participated in these 
massages (7a). 
“unsolicited massage” of Minor Victim-2 and identify the criminal statute(s) the 
engaged in with Epstein during massages and identify the criminal statute(s) the 
conduct allegedly violates and the other participants in those massages ( 7c). 
massages or other sexual activity with Epstein. The messages 
in 2005, after the parents of a 14-year-old girl complained that Epstein had paid her for a massage. 
personal assistants to recruit girls to provide massages to him, and in many instances, those 
massages led to sexual activity. After the PBPD brought the case to the State Attorney’s Office, a 
With respect to the specific allegations about [J being present during massages when girls were sexually 
guy Wants To get Massages 
Mis Au, Wants give Massages 
would also normalize the sexual abuse by placing a massage table and spa related products 
around the massage area in an effort to legitimize the area where the abuse was set to occur. 
massage. The massages quickly escalated into Epstein forcing himself on Jane Doe against her 
41. During Jane Doe’s time with Epstein, he forced her to give him sexual massages and 
forced to give Epstein sexual massages. 
massages? If you know. 
6) BEIGE MASSAGE TABLE........ PTTTITTITITITT TTT TTT (6) 
7) BROWN MASSAGE TABLE............ wocseccscocsescovccesost? 
08/28/2006 COLLECTED 31) ONE GREEN MASSAGE TABLE...............-. PBPDOS-1024 (31) 
43) ONE PEACH MASSAGE TABLE...... Clvseessccarteaenneeade (58) 
08/07/2007 COLLECTED ONE (1) BOOK-MASSAGE FOR DUMMIES 
31) ONE GREEN MASSAGE TABLE...............:; PBPDO5-1024 (31) 
43) ONE PEACH MASSAGE TABLE...........ccececccceveccecs (58) 
A. He tried to use a massage thing and I told him 
8 Q. What did you mean by "massage thing"? 
13 Q. Well, massage thing doesn't tell me 
19 vibrated. It looked like it was a neck massager. 
5 A. It was like a neck massager. 
10 these massages that, like you can reach behind your 
have gone to Mr. Epstein's house to perform massages 
massages on_him? 
18 = Mr. Epstein's, you had performed massages for 
4 occasions when you gave Mr. Epstein a massage, he 
24 A. That we would go there and give him a massage 
25 _— nude for months while performing massages for 
18 And I told her that you were just going to massage him. 
10 A. We gave him a massage. She played with one 
give Jeffrey Epstein a massage. | continued to provide massages up until 
massage or for any other reason. As to each female, state the amount of money 
give Jeffrey Epstein a massage. | continued to provide massages up until 
$200-$300 for a massage session at an average of 2 sessions a week from 
Book-Massage for Dummies 
massage or for any other reason. As to each female, state the amount of money 
know that the attachments are a concern of yours. We may have to massage things a bit to get it right. Now that we are 
| GX-S1__[FloridaMassage Table 202110 
| _GX-51-C__|Photograph of Sticker on Florida Massage Table 
| GX-57__ |New York Massage Table 202.10. 
| _GX-420-B _|List of PB New Shampoo and Massage Products-Metadata C“(CsCSCSCSCSCidC 2021.10.11 
| GX-421-B_|Massage Therapist Help Wanted Ad- Metadata 2021. 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
encouraging them to massage Epstein, and undressing in front of a victim. 
for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages during which a 
minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein involving a minor 
them to massage Epstein, and undressing in front of a victim. 
massages during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
victims, encouraging them to massage Epstein, and undressing in front of a victim. 
minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages during which a minor victim was fully 
or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein involving a minor victim 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
similar ways. Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to the defendant, which 
close to the sun,’ I said. ‘Did Icarus like massages?’ Epstein asked.”). 
massage Epstein in front of a minor victim. In other instances, 
MAXWELL encouraged minor victims to provide massages to Epstein, 
including sexualized massages — which a minor victim would 
be fully or partially nude. Many of those massages resulted in 
the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 
involved Minor Victim-1 in group sexualized massages of Epstein. 
During those group sexualized massages, MAXWELL and/or Minor 
properties, including in the context of a sexualized massage. 
an unsolicited massage to Minor Victim-2, during which Minor 
massage Epstein. | 
Victim-3 to massage Epstein, knowing that Epstein would engage 
in sex acts with Minor Victim-3 during those massages. Minor 
Victim-3 provided Epstein with the requested massages, and 
during those massages, Epstein sexually abused wnor Victim-3. 
of a sexualized massage. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
unsolicited massage in New Mexico, during which Minor Victim-2 
encouraged Minor Victim-3 to provide massages to Epstein in 
Minor Victim-3 during those massages. 
underage girls for sexual massages? If you know. 
anybody a massage? 
A. I have not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
eo Never discussed topic of massages with JE or GM 
o Never received a massage from anyone connected to JE or GM 
Description: (U//FOUO) One red rope: ONE (1) BOOK-MASSAGE FOR DUMMIES 
Were massages already on the agenda when {took over? 
by JE’s then assistant, and others told §§J that massages were 
Mvas given no explicit instructions regarding massage appointments by : 
Massage appointments were to be handled like any other appointments. 
does not recall anything specific being discussed about the women. Massage 
massages a day. I misstated that JE had 4 or more daily. [does not know if 
massages were being scheduled after hours after she left for home. Massages 
scheduled massages. 
After JE pleaded guilty in FL, did MJ schedule massages? 
GM was not asked to make massage appointments after his plea, and, to her 
memory, the word ‘massage’ was not used again. 
Does Ml .emember the names of people who she scheduled massages 
with? Is there a list of names? When JE called to schedule a massage, if 
to do a massage? Who else made massage appointments? 
Did @schedule massages for JE at locations other than NY? 
When JE told JJto schedule a massage, what was the time frame for the 
fully clothed. He asked [J sister to massage his feet, then encouraged [J to join her. 
44. After [J swam, Epstein asked her to go into a massage room along with 
sister massaged Epstein’s feet the first time. 
BB became very uncomfortable, as the massage had quickly and unexpectedly turned into a 
Virgin Islands, Epstein ordered [J to massage him, then proceeded to sexually assault her in 
the massage room. 
8. “Massage” includes any person touching another person, and includes any person 
13. Admit that Jeffrey Epstein had sex with individuals who gave him massages. 
you facilitated her giving massages to Jeffrey Epstein. 
engage in sex acts, starting with massages and escalating to acts including sexual intercourse, 
presence of Epstein, for example, or in connection with massages), other than what you and/or she has already 
the house. He does recall recruiting J, and giving her the pre massage speech about how it all goes 
unauthorized country club charges for massages, misrepresentations and 
massage at the country club and the fact that she did not 
We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
eo We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
o We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
o We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
know that the attachments are a concern of yours. We may have to massage things a bit to get it right. Now that we are 
*massage* 
: Did you ever give a massage to anyone other than Mr. Epstein at any of Mr. Epstein’s properties? 
: First of all, | never said | gave Mr. Epstein a massage. 
A: | don’t give massages. 
Q: Let's just tie that down. Is it your testimony that you've never given anybody a massage? 
A: | have not given anyone a massage. 
Q: You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your testimony? 
Q: You never cave a massage is your testimony? 
A: I never cave TT massage. 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
of the women’s conduct was limited to performing a topless or nude massage while Mr. Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
meetings -- that's not a right term. But massages with 
the two women who did the booking of massages for these girls 
Epstein’s properties while she was an adult. J described being recruited to perform massages for Epstein 
Maxwell and caused to engage in sexualized massage sessions with Epstein, during which she was sexually 
“massages” for Epstein each day he was in Florida. Second, we hope to meet with J EJ for a reverse 
friends to Epstein for “massages” for several years. J was granted immunity by SDFL and provided grand 
e Did massage recipients know the girls giving the massages were underage? 
massages to Epstein. The majority of these appointments took place at Epstein’s Palm Beach residence. 
e During that same time period, Epstein typically received approximately two massages per day—usually one in the 
massage room, and set up the massage table for the girls. 
e During the massage appointments with minor girls that ir >] scheduled, Epstein sexually abused the minor 
° Ez walked in on at least one massage during which a victim was nude while massaging Epstein. 
° Hz was present for one massage during which Epstein i. 
With respect to the specific allegations aboujjbeing present during massages when girls were sexually assaulted, 
similar ways. Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to the defendant, which 
close to the sun,’ I said. ‘Did Icarus like massages?’ Epstein asked.”). 
during naked massage sessions, then paying them hundreds of dollars in cash. He also asked some of the 
Mr. Epstein is accused of having the girls perform nude massages, at which point he would masturbate and 
with a massage table, where she would perform a massage on EPSTEIN. The victims, who were 
before beginning the “massage.” During the encounter, EPSTEIN would escalate the nature and 
of his victims to recruit additional minor girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in sex 
worked for approximately a year at a “happy-ending” massage parlor, performing paid sex acts. 
were initially recruited to provide “massages” to EPSTEIN, which 
she typically would be escorted to a room with a massage table, 
where she would perform a massage on JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
undress before beginning the “massage.” During the encounter, 
additional girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in 
massages to and engage in sex acts with JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
inside, the victim would provide a nude or semi-nude massage for : 
recruit additional minor girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in sex acts with 
worked for approximately a year at a “happy-ending” massage parlor, performing paid sex acts. 
Victith-1’s descriptions of the Massage Room. The room contained a table covered with a sheet, 
and appears to be a massage table. The walls appear to be covered in a type of felt-like tapestry 
fabric. I further observed two paintings and three photographs hanging on the walls of the Massage 
Ware snittially’ recruited to provide “massages” to EPSTEIN, which | 
additional girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in 
massages to and engage in sex acts with JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
ii. Any and all massage tables and massage paraphernalia. 
women located in the Massage Room, as defined herein. 
v. Any and all sex toys and sex paraphernalia located in the Massage 
with a massage table, where she would perform a massage on EPSTEIN. The victims, who were 
before beginning the “massage.” During the encounter, EPSTEIN would escalate the nature and 
of his victims to recruit additional minor girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in sex 
worked for approximately a year at a “happy-ending” massage parlor, performing paid sex. acts. 
were initially recruited to provide “massages” to EPSTEIN, which 
she typically would be escorted to a room with a massage table, 
where she would perform a massage on JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
undress before beginning the “massage.” During the encounter, 
additional girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in 
massages to and engage in sex acts with JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
inside, the victim would provide a nude or semi-nude massage for 
massage tables were located in the closet along with a photo of a nude 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
cash, in at least two different states. Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to the 
story, someone who flies too close to the sun,” I said. *Did Icarus like massages?’ Epstein asked.”). 
were initially recruited to provide “massages” to EPSTEIN, which 
she typically would be escorted to a room with a massage table, 
where she would perform a massage on JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
undress before beginning the “massage.” During the encounter, 
additional girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in 
massages to and engage in sex acts with JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the 
inside, the victim would provide a nude or semi-nude massage for : 
similar ways. Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to the defendant, which 
close to the sun,’ I said. ‘Did Icarus like massages?’ Epstein asked.”). 
[had] a scheme to recruit underage girls for sexual massages? If you know.” Maxwell replied, “I 
might have had sex with. Maxwell was also grilled extensively about massages: when, where, 
(4) she never gave anyone, including Accuser-2°, a massage. 
Mar-a-Lago and Jane Doe Number One soon after began working and providing massages for Mr. Epstein 
“Jess Daily”) raped her during a massage. P. 31 
massages? 
Q. How many massages would he have in a day? 
to do the massages? 
hundred different massage therapists. 
Q. Where would these massages take place? 
wraparound balcony facing the pool. So the massages were 
Q. Would you set up the room for the massages? 
the massage tables, for the different quests. Because 
not only he got massages, all the other guests got 
massages too. So we have a table -- massage table in 
massages, they would massage him first or massage guests? 
was his massage. Mostly he would get massages. 
more than one massage going on in the room? 
A. More than one massage? I don't know. It 
was massages. There was massages, because it was a hot 
in the room other than a massage? 
clean up the massage to put it back, the massage table, 
Q. Different massage oils? 
Q. Different massagers? 
Q. Did any of these massagers look like sex 
Q. Where would he keep these massagers? 
What sink would you find those massagers 
Q. Would these massage girls, especially 
sink, can you describe any of those massagers? 
might have come over for massages? 
massage therapist. She came to the house as a friend, I 
think. I don't think she was a massage therapist. Her 
were girls traveling with him as massage therapists. 
was in the plane, he got massages on the plane, 
Thanks very much. Should we add massage/masseuse? 
massages at his home. Between 2006 and 2007, a alleged, the two promised to pay her tuition 
Epstein’s massage therapist. {J alleged that Maxwell and Epstein instructed her to have sex with 
and encouraged her to give Epstein a foot massage. Epstein instructed Minor Victim-3 to massage 
Minor Victim-3 to provide Epstein with a massage. The defendant showed Minor Victim-3 to a 
room in which a massage table was set up. Epstein was in the room. Epstein removed his robe 
and was naked. The defendant handed Minor Victim-3 oil and closed the door. After the massage, 
liked the massage. The defendant subsequently told Minor Victim-3 that Epstein was impressed 
3 to provide a massage to Epstein. The defendant thanked Minor Victim-3, indicating that if it 
again showed Minor Victim-3 to a room with a massage table where Epstein was naked. Both 
massages involved at least one sex act with Minor Victim-3. 
defendant and Epstein in these locations, she provided additional massages to Epstein, during 
Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to EPSTEIN, which became increasingly 
room where they would perform a massage on EPSTEIN, during which EPSTEIN would 
his employees or associates would contact victims to schedule appointments for “massages.” As 
victims to recruit additional minor girls to perform “massages” and similarly engage in sex acts 
({had] a scheme to recruit underage girls for sexual massages? If you know.” Maxwell replied, “I 
might have had sex with. Maxwell was also grilled extensively about massages: when, where, 
(4) she never gave anyone, including Accuser-2*, a massage. 
defendant “massages.” (Jd. at 85:21-86:12). Following that line of questioning, the following 
Q. Did you ever give a massage to anyone other than Mr. Epstein at 
A. First of all, [never said I gave Mr. Epstein a massage. 
A. 1 don’t give massages. 
given anybody a massage? 
A. Lhave not given anyone a massage. 
Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your testimony? 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your testimony? 
A. [never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
deposition elsewhere discussed both sexual and professional massages. It was unclear, she 
explains, what kind of massage the questioner meant. (Def. Mot. 4 at 17.) The defendant's 
or professional massages. Cf Lighte, 782 F.2d at 376 (concluding that the word “you” was 
anyone a massage, including Epstein and Minor Victim-2. 
a estimates that zx would have between $200 and $300 after each massage at JE’s 
° il believes that she received the Massage for Dummies book in one of the FedEx 
° a estimates she may have been about 16 when GM saw her nude in the massage room 
° a believes JE told her to massage the fat bald man who she had sex with for money at 
BE having books about massage and promiscuous clothing after receiving those 
° BB can authenticate green massage table seized from 358 El Brillo Way on 
massages for Mr. Epstein 
(U) One (1) beige massage table. 
(U) One (1) brown massage table. 
(U) One (1) peach massage table. 
(U) One (1) green massage table (PBPD05-1024). 
Description: (U//FOUO) One red rope: ONE (1) BOOK-MASSAGE FOR DUMMIES 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
eo We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
o We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
o We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
oe We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
cash, in at least two different states. Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to the 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
know that the attachments are a concern of yours. We may have to massage things a bit to get it right. Now that we are 
victims to the defendant’s residence for sexualized massages. She initially told these 
bring girls for sexualized massages, and that the defendant told her: “the younger the 
massages would be sexual in nature. 
arrived to perform the massages (and thus would have seen how old they were) and on some occasions paid 
them after the “massages” were complete. During our meetings on August 27, Jj and IJ both conveyed that 
Epstein’s properties while she was an adult. [J described being recruited to perform massages for Epstein by 
and caused to engage in sexualized massage sessions with Epstein, during which she was sexually assaulted. 
reporting to J IMJ. Her duties included scheduling two to three “massages” for Epstein each day he was in 
proposed that she recruit girls for him, and [J brought her young friends to Epstein for “massages” for 
of her conduct, namely the age of the girls she was scheduling to “massage” Epstein. 
“massages,” but met/observed J in person and was present for conversations about the sexual natures of 
never see him with . [never saw him naked or actually having the massage" becomes the headline 
Epstein’s properties while she was an adult. J described being recruited to perform massages for Epstein by 
and caused to engage in sexualized massage sessions with Epstein, during which she was sexually assaulted. 
assistant to Epstein in 2004, reporting to MJ. Her duties included scheduling two to three “massages” 
for “massages” for several years. J was granted immunity by SDFL and provided grand jury testimony, and 
similar ways. Victims were initially recruited to provide “massages” to the defendant, which 
close to the sun,’ I said. ‘Did Icarus like massages?’ Epstein asked.”). 
“group sexualized massages” of Epstein (€ 7a). 
sexualized massage” and identify the criminal statute(s) the conduct allegedly violates 
and the other participants in those massages (4] 7a). 
Victim-1 in these massages and how Ms. Maxwell allegedly participated in these 
massages (7a). 
“unsolicited massage” of Minor Victim-2 and identify the criminal statute(s) the 
in with Epstein during massages and identify the criminal statute(s) the conduct 
allegedly violates and the other participants in those massages (4 7c). 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
encouraging them to massage Epstein, and undressing in front of a victim. 
for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages during which a 
minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein involving a minor 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
o We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
oe We donot need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
encouraging them to massage Epstein, and undressing in front of a victim. 
for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages during which a 
minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein involving a minor 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
them to massage Epstein, and undressing in front of a victim. 
massages during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
for sexual massages? If you know. 
Massage? 
A. I_ have not given anyone a massage. 
QO. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your 
Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your testimony? 
A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage. 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage Epstein, and 
sexualized massages during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as 
well as group sexualized massages of Epstein involving a minor victim where 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
normalized and facilitated sexual abuse by discussing sexual topics with victims, encouraging them to massage 
was present for sex acts perpetrated by Epstein on minor victims. That abuse included sexualized massages 
during which a minor victim was fully or partially nude, as well as group sexualized massages of Epstein 
know that the attachments are a concern of yours. We may have to massage things a bit to get it right. Now that we are 
know that the attachments are a concern of yours. We may have to massage things a bit to get it right. Now that we are 
eo We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
o We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
- met him i, good way to make some money, she gives him a massage, he masturbates 
We appreciate your note that the massage tables are not needed, which will certainly help with the logistics 
eo We do not need the “bulky” massage tables transported; if there are any other extremely large evidence 
(708) oe Epstein Survivors’ Settlement Fund JPM: Standard Clai ef Solitaire Time Bill Clinton's neck massaged by Jeffrey Epstein victim i... 
Bill Clinton is seen enjoying a neck massage from a Jeffrey Epstein victim in never-before-seen photographs obtained excl 
DailyMail.com. Clinton sits comfortably and laughs as then a 22-year-old massage therapist, rubs her ha 
Epstein Survivor tt A Bill Clinton's neck massaged by Jeffrey Epstein victim i... 
Spam are bracing for a slew of lawsuits from as many as 40 young women who came to his Palm Beach mansion for massage sessions, Page Six has pe 
a Less over and gave the financier massages for hundreds of dollars per session. One = court documents as just 14, said Epstein used a 
"purple vibrator" on her while she partially stripped. Cops say Epstein's assistant, helped arrange the massages. 
recruited to perform massages, which would turn sexual in nature. Victims would have to perform the "massages" nude or 
contacted via telephone by individuals who worked for Epstein to arrange his “massages.” 
allegedly rubbed her breasts during a massage. 
touching the genitals of victims. Victims would have to perform these massages nude or partially nude. Victims 
Epstein to arrange his “massages.” In New York, one of those individuals was EM in Florida, the primary 
other minor girls to engage in “massages” and sexual conduct with Epstein. The recruiters were paid by Epstein 
parlor to the right, and a secretary desk right in front of them went into the massage parlor room, 
Caller’s and Epstein’s genitals were rubbing against each other. Epstein then directed Caller to massage his testicles, while 
these massages nude or partially nude. Victims were paid approximately $200 to $300 each time they 
Epstein to arrange his “massages.” In New York, one of those individuals was : in Florida, the 
some of his victims, to recruit other minor girls to engage in “massages” and sexual conduct with 
1B2 — 31: Green massage table 
1B2 — 43: Peach massage table 
1B1 — 6: Beige massage table 
1B1—7: Brown massage table 
bringing up the massage tables — and thanks. 
recruited to perform massages, which would turn sexual in nature. Victims would have to perform the "massages" nude or 
contacted via telephone by individuals who worked for Epstein to arrange his “massages.” 
perform massages, which would turn sexual in nature. Victims would have to 
perform the "massages" nude or partially nude, and Epstein would masturbate 
worked for Epstein to arrange his “massages.” 
recruited to perform massages, which would turn sexual in nature. Victims would have to perform the "massages" nude or 
contacted via telephone by individuals who worked for Epstein to arrange his “massages.” 
reports, these searches did not reveal any cameras in any of the bedrooms or massage 
addition to the sex acts, victims would have to perform massages on Epstein nude or partially 
Maxwell, and his staff to massage Epstein. 
address book that included identified minors under "massage". Sections of this book were a trial exhibit. 
Maxwell, and his staff to massage Epstein. 
address book that included identified minors under "massage". Sections of this book were a trial exhibit. 
Massage table. Sei disrobed to her underwear and massaged Epstein. 
$300.00 at the conclusion of the massage. 
call ae from New York to schedule the massage appointments for 
Epstein. Massage appointments were usually scheduled for the evening. 
a =~) removed her bra during every massage session after her second 
visit. Near the end of the massage sessions Epstein would ask (ito 
Of all the massages iS ee) provided to Epstein, only three were 
"regular" massages. The others involved, at a minimum, Epstein 
During a massage session which took place a couple of months 
attempted to use a massager on io  2 =— vagina and she told him, "We 
she was providing massages to Epstein. After = 5} did not allow 
Epstein to touch her vagina he began paying her $200.00 for the massage 
provide massages 
USVP00207989 (Listed as Excel doc under Florida Massage) 
while setting up the massage table. We are looking to purchase some of these sketches. Please let me know if that was you or you can assist me in my search. 
high schools to perform massages and sexual acts at his residence. The victims were 
massages and then recruited younger girls as she got older. 
